doc/api/disposables/compositedisposable.md, before:

# `Rx.CompositeDisposable` class #

Represents a group of disposable resources that are disposed together.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.CompositeDisposable.

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// Initialize with two disposables
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `CompositeDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxcompositedisposablergs)

## `CompositeDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`add`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem)
- [`dispose`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose)
- [`remove`](#rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem)
- [`toArray`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray)

## `CompositeDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)
- [`length`](#length)

## _CompositeDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableargs"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable(...args)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposablergs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L5-L9 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.CompositeDisposable` class from a group of disposables.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Disposables that will be disposed together.

#### Example
```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// Initialize with two disposables
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _CompositeDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.add(item)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L17-L24 "View in source")

Adds a disposable to the CompositeDisposable or disposes the disposable if the CompositeDisposable is disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `item` *(Disposable)*: Disposable to add.

#### Example

```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

disposables.add(d1);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L49-L60 "View in source")

Disposes all disposables in the group and removes them from the group.

#### Example

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 0
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.remove(item)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L31-L44 "View in source")

Removes and disposes the first occurrence of a disposable from the CompositeDisposable.

#### Arguments
1. `item` *(Disposable)*: Disposable to remove.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if the disposable was found and disposed; otherwise, `false`.

#### Example

```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.remove(d1));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.toarray()`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L87-L89 "View in source")

Converts the existing CompositeDisposable to an array of disposables. Does not dispose the objects.

#### Returns
*(Array)*: An array of disposable objects.

#### Example

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

var array = disposables.toArray();

console.log(array.length);
// => 2
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _CompositeDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L7 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.isDisposed);
// => false

disposables.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(disposables.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="length"></a>`length`
<a href="#length">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets the number of disposables in the CompositeDisposable.

#### Example
```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 1

disposables.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 0
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/disposables/compositedisposable.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.CompositeDisposable` class #

Represents a group of disposable resources that are disposed together.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.CompositeDisposable.

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// Initialize with two disposables
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `CompositeDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxcompositedisposablergs)

## `CompositeDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`add`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem)
- [`dispose`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose)
- [`remove`](#rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem)
- [`toArray`](#rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray)

## `CompositeDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)
- [`length`](#length)

## _CompositeDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableargs"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable(...args)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposablergs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L5-L9 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.CompositeDisposable` class from a group of disposables.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Disposables that will be disposed together.

#### Example
```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// Initialize with two disposables
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _CompositeDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.add(item)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypeadditem">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L17-L24 "View in source")

Adds a disposable to the CompositeDisposable or disposes the disposable if the CompositeDisposable is disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `item` *(Disposable)*: Disposable to add.

#### Example

```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

disposables.add(d1);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L49-L60 "View in source")

Disposes all disposables in the group and removes them from the group.

#### Example

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

disposables.dispose();
// => one
// => two

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 0
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.remove(item)`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototyperemoveitem">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L31-L44 "View in source")

Removes and disposes the first occurrence of a disposable from the CompositeDisposable.

#### Arguments
1. `item` *(Disposable)*: Disposable to remove.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if the disposable was found and disposed; otherwise, `false`.

#### Example

```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.remove(d1));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray"></a>`Rx.CompositeDisposable.prototype.toarray()`
<a href="#rxcompositedisposableprototypetoarray">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L87-L89 "View in source")

Converts the existing CompositeDisposable to an array of disposables. Does not dispose the objects.

#### Returns
*(Array)*: An array of disposable objects.

#### Example

```js
var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable(d1, d2);

var array = disposables.toArray();

console.log(array.length);
// => 2
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _CompositeDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L7 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.isDisposed);
// => false

disposables.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(disposables.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="length"></a>`length`
<a href="#length">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/compositedisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets the number of disposables in the CompositeDisposable.

#### Example
```js
var disposables = new Rx.CompositeDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

disposables.add(d1);

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 1

disposables.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(disposables.length);
// => 0
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
