doc/api/disposables/disposable.md, before:

# `Rx.Disposable` class #

Provides a set of static methods for creating Disposables, which defines a method to release allocated resources.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.Disposable`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

## `Disposable Class Methods` ##
- [`create`](#rxdisposablecreateaction)
- [`isDisposable`](#rxdisposableisdisposabled)

## `Disposable Class Properties` ##
- [`empty`](#rxdisposableempty)

## `Disposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxdisposableprototypedispose)

## _Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposablecreateaction"></a>`Rx.Disposable.create(action)`
<a href="#rxdisposablecreateaction">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js"View in source")

Creates a disposable object that invokes the specified action when disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `action` *(Function)*: Function to run during the first call to `dispose`. The action is guaranteed to be run at most once.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object that runs the given action upon disposal.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

### <a id="rxdisposableisdisposabled"></a>`Rx.Disposable.isDisposable(d)`
<a href="#rxdisposableisdisposabled">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js"View in source")

Creates a disposable object that invokes the specified action when disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `d` *(Object)*: Object to validate whether it has a dispose method.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if is a disposable object, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.empty;
console.log(disposable.isDisposable(disposable));
// => true
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

## _Disposable Class Properties_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposableempty"></a>`Rx.Disposable.empty`
<a href="#rxdisposableempty">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js#L130 "View in source")

Gets the disposable that does nothing when disposed.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable that does nothing when disposed.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.empty;

disposable.dispose(); // Does nothing
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

## _Disposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.Disposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js#L13-L18 "View in source")

Performs the task of cleaning up resources.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/disposables/disposable.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.Disposable` class #

Provides a set of static methods for creating Disposables, which defines a method to release allocated resources.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.Disposable`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

## `Disposable Class Methods` ##
- [`create`](#rxdisposablecreateaction)
- [`isDisposable`](#rxdisposableisdisposabled)

## `Disposable Class Properties` ##
- [`empty`](#rxdisposableempty)

## `Disposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxdisposableprototypedispose)

## _Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposablecreateaction"></a>`Rx.Disposable.create(action)`
<a href="#rxdisposablecreateaction">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js"View in source")

Creates a disposable object that invokes the specified action when disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `action` *(Function)*: Function to run during the first call to `dispose`. The action is guaranteed to be run at most once.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object that runs the given action upon disposal.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

### <a id="rxdisposableisdisposabled"></a>`Rx.Disposable.isDisposable(d)`
<a href="#rxdisposableisdisposabled">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js"View in source")

Creates a disposable object that invokes the specified action when disposed.

#### Arguments
1. `d` *(Object)*: Object to validate whether it has a dispose method.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if is a disposable object, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.empty;
console.log(disposable.isDisposable(disposable));
// => true
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

## _Disposable Class Properties_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposableempty"></a>`Rx.Disposable.empty`
<a href="#rxdisposableempty">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js#L130 "View in source")

Gets the disposable that does nothing when disposed.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable that does nothing when disposed.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.empty;

disposable.dispose(); // Does nothing
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *

## _Disposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.Disposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js#L13-L18 "View in source")

Performs the task of cleaning up resources.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
    console.log('disposed');
});

disposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/disposable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/disposables/disposable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/disposables/disposable.js)

* * *
