doc/api/disposables/refcountdisposable.md, before:

# `Rx.RefCountDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource that only disposes its underlying disposable resource when all `getDisposable` dependent disposable objects have been disposed.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.RefCountDisposable`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var disposable1 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();
var disposable2 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

disposable1.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

disposable2.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `RefCountDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxrefcountdisposabledisposable)

## `RefCountDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable)

## `RefCountDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _RefCountDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposable"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable)`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L7-L10 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.RefCountDisposable` class with the specified disposable

#### Arguments
1. `disposable` *(Disposable)*: Underlying disposable.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _RefCountDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L30-L35 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable only when all dependent disposables have been disposed.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var disposable1 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();
var disposable2 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

disposable1.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

disposable2.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Returns a dependent disposable that when disposed decreases the refcount on the underlying disposable.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: A dependent disposable contributing to the reference count that manages the underlying disposable's lifetime.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var d = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
// => false

// Clean up disposables
disposable.dispose();
d.dispose();

// Now try to dispose the main
refCountDisposable.dispose();

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _RefCountDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

disposable.dispose();

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/disposables/refcountdisposable.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.RefCountDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource that only disposes its underlying disposable resource when all `getDisposable` dependent disposable objects have been disposed.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.RefCountDisposable`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var disposable1 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();
var disposable2 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

disposable1.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

disposable2.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `RefCountDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxrefcountdisposabledisposable)

## `RefCountDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable)

## `RefCountDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _RefCountDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposable"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable)`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L7-L10 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.RefCountDisposable` class with the specified disposable

#### Arguments
1. `disposable` *(Disposable)*: Underlying disposable.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _RefCountDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L30-L35 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable only when all dependent disposables have been disposed.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var disposable1 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();
var disposable2 = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

disposable1.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

disposable2.dispose();
console.log(disposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.RefCountDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxrefcountdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Returns a dependent disposable that when disposed decreases the refcount on the underlying disposable.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: A dependent disposable contributing to the reference count that manages the underlying disposable's lifetime.

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

var d = refCountDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
// => false

// Clean up disposables
disposable.dispose();
d.dispose();

// Now try to dispose the main
refCountDisposable.dispose();

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _RefCountDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/rxrefcountdisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

var refCountDisposable = new Rx.RefCountDisposable(disposable);

disposable.dispose();

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

refCountDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(refCountDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
