doc/api/disposables/serialdisposable.md, before:

# `Rx.SerialDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource whose underlying disposable resource can be replaced by another disposable resource, causing automatic disposal of the previous underlying disposable resource.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.SerialDisposable.

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
// => one

serialDisposable.dispose();
// = two
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `SerialDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxserialdisposable)

## `SerialDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxserialdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable)
- [`setDisposable`](#rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposable)

## `SerialDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _SerialDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxserialdisposable"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L5-L8 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.SerialDisposable` class.

#### Example
```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SerialDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L50-L60 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable as well as all future replacements.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => one

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L16-L18 "View in source")

Gets the underlying disposable.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

var d = serialDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.setDisposable(value)`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L24-L36 "View in source")

Sets the underlying disposable.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Disposable)*: The new underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => one

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SerialDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L6 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/disposables/serialdisposable.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.SerialDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource whose underlying disposable resource can be replaced by another disposable resource, causing automatic disposal of the previous underlying disposable resource.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.SerialDisposable.

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
// => one

serialDisposable.dispose();
// = two
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `SerialDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxserialdisposable)

## `SerialDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxserialdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable)
- [`setDisposable`](#rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposable)

## `SerialDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _SerialDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxserialdisposable"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L5-L8 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.SerialDisposable` class.

#### Example
```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SerialDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L50-L60 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable as well as all future replacements.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => one

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L16-L18 "View in source")

Gets the underlying disposable.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

var d = serialDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue"></a>`Rx.SerialDisposable.prototype.setDisposable(value)`
<a href="#rxserialdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L24-L36 "View in source")

Sets the underlying disposable.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Disposable)*: The new underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => one

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
// => two
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SerialDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/serialdisposable.js#L6 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var serialDisposable = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

serialDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

serialDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(serialDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
