doc/api/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.md, before:

# `Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource which only allows a single assignment of its underlying disposable resource. If an underlying disposable resource has already been set, future attempts to set the underlying disposable resource will throw an Error.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposable)

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable)
- [`setDisposable`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposable)

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposable"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L7-L10 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable` class.

#### Example
```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L47-L57 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Gets the underlying disposable. After disposal, the result of getting this method is undefined.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

var d = singleDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.setDisposable(value)`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L31-L42 "View in source")

Sets the underlying disposable.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Disposable)*: The new underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

try {
    singleDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
} catch (e) {
    console.log(e.message);
}

// => Disposable has already been assigned
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable` class #

Represents a disposable resource which only allows a single assignment of its underlying disposable resource. If an underlying disposable resource has already been set, future attempts to set the underlying disposable resource will throw an Error.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposable)

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose)
- [`getDisposable`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable)
- [`setDisposable`](#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposable)

## `SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Properties` ##
- [`isDisposed`](#isdisposed)

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposable"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L7-L10 "View in source")

Initializes a new instance of the `Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable` class.

#### Example
```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L47-L57 "View in source")

Disposes the underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.getDisposable()`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypegetdisposable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Gets the underlying disposable. After disposal, the result of getting this method is undefined.

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

var d = singleDisposable.getDisposable();

console.log(d === disposable);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue"></a>`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable.prototype.setDisposable(value)`
<a href="#rxsingleassignmentdisposableprototypesetdisposablevalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L31-L42 "View in source")

Sets the underlying disposable.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Disposable)*: The new underlying disposable.

#### Example

```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var d1 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('one');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(d1);

var d2 = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('two');
});

try {
    singleDisposable.setDisposable(d2);
} catch (e) {
    console.log(e.message);
}

// => Disposable has already been assigned
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _SingleAssignmentDisposable Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="isdisposed"></a>`isDisposed`
<a href="#isdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets a value that indicates whether the object is disposed.

#### Example
```js
var singleDisposable = new Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable();

var disposable = Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
     console.log('disposed');
});

singleDisposable.setDisposable(disposable);

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => false

singleDisposable.dispose();
// => disposed

console.log(singleDisposable.isDisposed);
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
