doc/api/subjects/subject.md, before:

# `Rx.Subject` class #

Represents an object that is both an observable sequence as well as an observer. Each notification is broadcasted to all subscribed observers.

This class inherits both from the `Rx.Observable` and `Rx.Observer` classes.

## Usage ##

The following example shows the basic usage of an Rx.Subject.

```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);

// => Next: 42

subject.onNext(56);

// => Next: 56

subject.onCompleted();

// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `Subject Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsubject)

## `Subject Class Methods` ##
- [`create`](#rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable)

## `Subject Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxsubjectprototypedispose)
- [`hasObservers`](#rxsubjectprototypehasobservers)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md)
- [`Rx.Observer`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observer.md)

## _Subject Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsubject"></a>`Rx.Subject()`
<a href="#rxsubject">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L26-L31 "View in source")

Creates a subject.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

subject.onCompleted();
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Subject Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable"></a>`Rx.Subject.create(observer, observable)`
<a href="#rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L101-L103 "View in source")

Creates a subject from the specified observer and observable.

#### Arguments
1. `observer` *(Observer)*: The observer used to send messages to the subject.
2. `observable` *(Observable)*: The observable used to subscribe to messages sent from the subject.

#### Returns
*(Subject)*: Subject implemented using the given observer and observable.

#### Example

```js
/* Using a Web Worker to send and receive data via an Rx.Subject */

/* worker.js */

self.onmessage = function(e) {
    self.postMessage(e.data);
};

/* client.js */
var worker = new Worker('worker.js');

// Create observer to handle sending messages
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (data) {
        worker.postMessage(data);
    });

// Create observable to handle the messages
var observable = Rx.Observable.create(function (obs) {

    worker.onmessage = function (data) {
        obs.onNext(data);
    };

    worker.onerror = function (err) {
        obs.onError(err);
    };

    return function () {
        worker.close();
    };
});

var subject = Rx.Subject.create(observer, observable);

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Subject Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubjectprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.Subject.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxsubjectprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L89-L92 "View in source")

Unsubscribe all observers and release resources.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

subject.onCompleted();
// => Completed

subject.dispose();

try {
	subject.onNext(56);
} catch (e) {
	console.log(e.message);
}

// => Object has been disposed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsubjectprototypehasobservers"></a>`Rx.Subject.prototype.hasObservers()`
<a href="#rxsubjectprototypehasobservers">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L38-L40 "View in source")

Indicates whether the subject has observers subscribed to it.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Subject has observers, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

console.log(subject.hasObservers());
// => false

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

console.log(subject.hasObservers());
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/subjects/subject.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.Subject` class #

Represents an object that is both an observable sequence as well as an observer. Each notification is broadcasted to all subscribed observers.

This class inherits both from the `Rx.Observable` and `Rx.Observer` classes.

## Usage ##

The following example shows the basic usage of an Rx.Subject.

```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);

// => Next: 42

subject.onNext(56);

// => Next: 56

subject.onCompleted();

// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

## `Subject Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsubject)

## `Subject Class Methods` ##
- [`create`](#rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable)

## `Subject Instance Methods` ##
- [`dispose`](#rxsubjectprototypedispose)
- [`hasObservers`](#rxsubjectprototypehasobservers)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md)
- [`Rx.Observer`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observer.md)

## _Subject Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsubject"></a>`Rx.Subject()`
<a href="#rxsubject">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L26-L31 "View in source")

Creates a subject.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

subject.onCompleted();
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Subject Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable"></a>`Rx.Subject.create(observer, observable)`
<a href="#rxsubjectcreateobserver-observable">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L101-L103 "View in source")

Creates a subject from the specified observer and observable.

#### Arguments
1. `observer` *(Observer)*: The observer used to send messages to the subject.
2. `observable` *(Observable)*: The observable used to subscribe to messages sent from the subject.

#### Returns
*(Subject)*: Subject implemented using the given observer and observable.

#### Example

```js
/* Using a Web Worker to send and receive data via an Rx.Subject */

/* worker.js */

self.onmessage = function(e) {
    self.postMessage(e.data);
};

/* client.js */
var worker = new Worker('worker.js');

// Create observer to handle sending messages
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (data) {
        worker.postMessage(data);
    });

// Create observable to handle the messages
var observable = Rx.Observable.create(function (obs) {

    worker.onmessage = function (data) {
        obs.onNext(data);
    };

    worker.onerror = function (err) {
        obs.onError(err);
    };

    return function () {
        worker.close();
    };
});

var subject = Rx.Subject.create(observer, observable);

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Subject Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubjectprototypedispose"></a>`Rx.Subject.prototype.dispose()`
<a href="#rxsubjectprototypedispose">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L89-L92 "View in source")

Unsubscribe all observers and release resources.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

subject.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

subject.onCompleted();
// => Completed

subject.dispose();

try {
	subject.onNext(56);
} catch (e) {
	console.log(e.message);
}

// => Object has been disposed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsubjectprototypehasobservers"></a>`Rx.Subject.prototype.hasObservers()`
<a href="#rxsubjectprototypehasobservers">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/subject.js#L38-L40 "View in source")

Indicates whether the subject has observers subscribed to it.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Subject has observers, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var subject = new Rx.Subject();

console.log(subject.hasObservers());
// => false

var subscription = subject.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

console.log(subject.hasObservers());
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
