doc/api/testing/reactivetest.md, before:

# `Rx.ReactiveTest` class #

This class contains test utility methods such as create notifications for testing purposes.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `ReactiveTest Class Methods` ##
- [`onCompleted`](#rxreactivetestoncompletedticks)
- [`onError`](#rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception)
- [`onNext`](#rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue)
- [`subscribe`](#rxasyncsubjectprototypehasobservers)

## `ReactiveTest Class Fields` ##
- [`created`](#rxreactivetestcreated)
- [`disposed`](#rxreactivetestdisposed)
- [`subscribed`](#rxreactivetestsubscribed)

## _ReactiveTest Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxreactivetestoncompletedticks"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(ticks)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestoncompletedticks">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L89-L91 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnCompleted notification record at a given time.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnCompleted notification occurs.

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: OnCompleted notification.

#### Example
```js
var onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onCompleted(260)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onCompleted(260)
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onError(ticks, exception)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L77-L82 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnError notification record at a given time with a given error.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnError notification occurs.
2. `exception` *(Error | Function)*: Recorded exception stored in the OnError notification or a predicate

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: Recorded OnError notification.

#### Example

```js
var ex = new Error('woops');

var onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
    onError(201, ex)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [

  // Using a predicate
  onError(201, function (e) { return e.message === 'woops'; })
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L61-L66 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnNext notification record at a given time with a given error.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnNext notification occurs.
2. `value` *(Any | Function)*: Recorded exception stored in the OnNext notification or a predicate

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: Recorded OnNext notification.

#### Example

```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
    onNext(201, 42)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [

  // Using a predicate
  onNext(201, function (x) { return x === 42; })
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _ReactiveTest Class Fields_ ##

### <a id="rxreactivetestcreated"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.created`
<a href="#rxreactivetestcreated">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L45 "View in source")

Default virtual time used for creation of observable sequences in unit tests.  This has a value of `100`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })},
  Rx.ReactiveTest.created,
  Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed,
  Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestdisposed"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed`
<a href="#rxreactivetestdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L49 "View in source")

Default virtual time used to dispose subscriptions in unit tests.  This has a value of `1000`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })},
  {
    created: Rx.ReactiveTest.created,
    subscribed: Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed,
    disposed: Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed
  }
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestsubscribed"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed`
<a href="#rxreactivetestsubscribed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L47 "View in source")

Default virtual time used to subscribe to observable sequences in unit tests.  This has a value of `200`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })}
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/testing/reactivetest.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.ReactiveTest` class #

This class contains test utility methods such as create notifications for testing purposes.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `ReactiveTest Class Methods` ##
- [`onCompleted`](#rxreactivetestoncompletedticks)
- [`onError`](#rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception)
- [`onNext`](#rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue)
- [`subscribe`](#rxasyncsubjectprototypehasobservers)

## `ReactiveTest Class Fields` ##
- [`created`](#rxreactivetestcreated)
- [`disposed`](#rxreactivetestdisposed)
- [`subscribed`](#rxreactivetestsubscribed)

## _ReactiveTest Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxreactivetestoncompletedticks"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(ticks)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestoncompletedticks">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L89-L91 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnCompleted notification record at a given time.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnCompleted notification occurs.

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: OnCompleted notification.

#### Example
```js
var onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onCompleted(260)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onCompleted(260)
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onError(ticks, exception)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestonerrorticksexception">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L77-L82 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnError notification record at a given time with a given error.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnError notification occurs.
2. `exception` *(Error | Function)*: Recorded exception stored in the OnError notification or a predicate

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: Recorded OnError notification.

#### Example

```js
var ex = new Error('woops');

var onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
    onError(201, ex)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [

  // Using a predicate
  onError(201, function (e) { return e.message === 'woops'; })
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxreactivetestonnextticksvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L61-L66 "View in source")

Factory method for an OnNext notification record at a given time with a given error.

#### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: Recorded virtual time the OnNext notification occurs.
2. `value` *(Any | Function)*: Recorded exception stored in the OnNext notification or a predicate

#### Returns
*(Recorded)*: Recorded OnNext notification.

#### Example

```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
    onNext(201, 42)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x; });
});

// Write custom assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [

  // Using a predicate
  onNext(201, function (x) { return x === 42; })
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _ReactiveTest Class Fields_ ##

### <a id="rxreactivetestcreated"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.created`
<a href="#rxreactivetestcreated">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L45 "View in source")

Default virtual time used for creation of observable sequences in unit tests.  This has a value of `100`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })},
  Rx.ReactiveTest.created,
  Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed,
  Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestdisposed"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed`
<a href="#rxreactivetestdisposed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L49 "View in source")

Default virtual time used to dispose subscriptions in unit tests.  This has a value of `1000`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })},
  {
    created: Rx.ReactiveTest.created,
    subscribed: Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed,
    disposed: Rx.ReactiveTest.disposed
  }
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxreactivetestsubscribed"></a>`Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribed`
<a href="#rxreactivetestsubscribed">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/reactivetest.js#L47 "View in source")

Default virtual time used to subscribe to observable sequences in unit tests.  This has a value of `200`.

#### Example

```js
var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(201, 42),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext(202, 56),
  Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted(203)
);

var res = scheduler.startScheduler(
  function () { return xs.map(function (x) { return x; })}
);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *
