doc/api/testing/recorded.md, before:

# `Rx.Recorded` class #

Record of a value including the virtual time it was produced on.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `Recorded Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxrecordedtime-value-comparer)

## `Recorded Instance Methods` ##
- [`equals`](#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother)
- [`toString`](#rxrecordedprototypetostring)

## `Recorded Instance Properties` ##
- [`time`](#time)
- [`value`](#value)

## _Recorded Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxrecordedtime-value-comparer"></a>`Rx.Recorded(time, value, [comparer])`
<a href="#rxrecordedtime-value-comparer">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L9-L13 "View in source")

Creates a new object recording the production of the specified value at the given virtual time.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Number)*: Virtual time the value was produced on.
2. `value` *(Any)*: Value that was produced
3. `[comparer]` *(Function)*: Optional comparer function.

#### Example
```js
var recorded = new Rx.Recorded(200, 'value');

console.log(recorded.time);
// => 200

console.log(recorded.value);
// => value
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Recorded Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxrecordedprototypeequalsother"></a>`Rx.Recorded.prototype.equals(other)`
<a href="#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L21-L23 "View in source")

Checks whether the given recorded object is equal to the current instance.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(Recorded)*: Recorded object to check for equality.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Recorded equals the other, else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');
var r2 = new Recorded(201, 'bar');
var r3 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.equals(r2));
// => false

console.log(r1.equals(r3));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxrecordedprototypetostring"></a>`Rx.Recorded.prototype.toString()`
<a href="#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L30-L32 "View in source")

Returns a string representation of the current Recorded value.

#### Returns
*(String)*: String representation of the current Recorded value.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.toString());
// => foo@201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Recorded Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="time"></a>`time`
<a href="#time">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L10 "View in source")

Gets the virtual time the value was produced on.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The virtual time the value was produced on.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.time);
// => 201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="value"></a>`value`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L11 "View in source")

Gets the recorded value.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The recorded value.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.value);
// => foo
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/testing/recorded.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.Recorded` class #

Record of a value including the virtual time it was produced on.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `Recorded Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxrecordedtime-value-comparer)

## `Recorded Instance Methods` ##
- [`equals`](#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother)
- [`toString`](#rxrecordedprototypetostring)

## `Recorded Instance Properties` ##
- [`time`](#time)
- [`value`](#value)

## _Recorded Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxrecordedtime-value-comparer"></a>`Rx.Recorded(time, value, [comparer])`
<a href="#rxrecordedtime-value-comparer">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L9-L13 "View in source")

Creates a new object recording the production of the specified value at the given virtual time.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Number)*: Virtual time the value was produced on.
2. `value` *(Any)*: Value that was produced
3. `[comparer]` *(Function)*: Optional comparer function.

#### Example
```js
var recorded = new Rx.Recorded(200, 'value');

console.log(recorded.time);
// => 200

console.log(recorded.value);
// => value
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Recorded Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxrecordedprototypeequalsother"></a>`Rx.Recorded.prototype.equals(other)`
<a href="#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L21-L23 "View in source")

Checks whether the given recorded object is equal to the current instance.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(Recorded)*: Recorded object to check for equality.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Recorded equals the other, else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');
var r2 = new Recorded(201, 'bar');
var r3 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.equals(r2));
// => false

console.log(r1.equals(r3));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxrecordedprototypetostring"></a>`Rx.Recorded.prototype.toString()`
<a href="#rxrecordedprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L30-L32 "View in source")

Returns a string representation of the current Recorded value.

#### Returns
*(String)*: String representation of the current Recorded value.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.toString());
// => foo@201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Recorded Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="time"></a>`time`
<a href="#time">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L10 "View in source")

Gets the virtual time the value was produced on.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The virtual time the value was produced on.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.time);
// => 201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="value"></a>`value`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/recorded.js#L11 "View in source")

Gets the recorded value.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The recorded value.

#### Example

```js
var r1 = new Recorded(201, 'foo');

console.log(r1.value);
// => foo
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *
