doc/api/testing/subscription.md, before:

# `Rx.Subscription` class #

Records information about subscriptions to and unsubscriptions from observable sequences.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `Subscription Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe)

## `Subscription Instance Methods` ##
- [`equals`](#rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother)
- [`toString`](#rxsubscriptionprototypetostring)

## `Subscription Instance Properties` ##
- [`subscribe`](#subscribe)
- [`unsubscribe`](#unsubscribe)

## _Subscription Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe"></a>`Rx.Subscription(subscribe, unsubscribe)`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L8-L11 "View in source")

Creates a new subscription object with the given virtual subscription and unsubscription time.

#### Arguments
1. `subscribe` *(Number)*: Virtual time at which the subscription occurred.
2. `[unsubscribe = Number.MAX_VALUE]` *(Number)*: Virtual time at which the unsubscription occurred.

#### Example
```js
var subscription = new Rx.Subscription(200, 1000);

console.log(subscription.subscribe);
// => 200

console.log(subscription.unsubscribe);
// => 1000
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Subscription Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother"></a>`Rx.Subscription.prototype.equals(other)`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Checks whether the given subscription is equal to the current instance.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(Subscription)*: Subscription object to check for equality.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Subscription equals the other, else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201, 500);
var s2 = new Subscription(201);
var s3 = new Subscription(201, 500);

console.log(s1.equals(s2));
// => false

console.log(s1.equals(s3));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsubscriptionprototypetostring"></a>`Rx.Subscription.prototype.toString()`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionprototypetostring">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L30-L32 "View in source")

Returns a string representation of the current Subscription value.

#### Returns
*(String)*: String representation of the current Subscription value.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201);

console.log(s1.toString());
// => (201, Infinite)

var s2 = new Subscription(201, 1000);
console.log(s2.toString());
// => (201, 1000)
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Subscription Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="subscribe"></a>`subscribe`
<a href="#subscribe">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets the subscription virtual time.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The subscription virtual time.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201);

console.log(s1.subscribe);
// => 201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="unsubscribe"></a>`unsubscribe`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L9 "View in source")

Gets the unsubscription virtual time.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The unsubscription virtual time.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201, 500);

console.log(s1.unsubscribe);
// => 500
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/testing/subscription.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.Subscription` class #

Records information about subscriptions to and unsubscriptions from observable sequences.

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `Subscription Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe)

## `Subscription Instance Methods` ##
- [`equals`](#rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother)
- [`toString`](#rxsubscriptionprototypetostring)

## `Subscription Instance Properties` ##
- [`subscribe`](#subscribe)
- [`unsubscribe`](#unsubscribe)

## _Subscription Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe"></a>`Rx.Subscription(subscribe, unsubscribe)`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionsubscribe-unsubscribe">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L8-L11 "View in source")

Creates a new subscription object with the given virtual subscription and unsubscription time.

#### Arguments
1. `subscribe` *(Number)*: Virtual time at which the subscription occurred.
2. `[unsubscribe = Number.MAX_VALUE]` *(Number)*: Virtual time at which the unsubscription occurred.

#### Example
```js
var subscription = new Rx.Subscription(200, 1000);

console.log(subscription.subscribe);
// => 200

console.log(subscription.unsubscribe);
// => 1000
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Subscription Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother"></a>`Rx.Subscription.prototype.equals(other)`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionprototypeequalsother">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L18-L20 "View in source")

Checks whether the given subscription is equal to the current instance.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(Subscription)*: Subscription object to check for equality.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: Returns `true` if the Subscription equals the other, else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201, 500);
var s2 = new Subscription(201);
var s3 = new Subscription(201, 500);

console.log(s1.equals(s2));
// => false

console.log(s1.equals(s3));
// => true
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="rxsubscriptionprototypetostring"></a>`Rx.Subscription.prototype.toString()`
<a href="#rxsubscriptionprototypetostring">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L30-L32 "View in source")

Returns a string representation of the current Subscription value.

#### Returns
*(String)*: String representation of the current Subscription value.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201);

console.log(s1.toString());
// => (201, Infinite)

var s2 = new Subscription(201, 1000);
console.log(s2.toString());
// => (201, 1000)
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

## _Subscription Instance Properties_ ##

### <a id="subscribe"></a>`subscribe`
<a href="#subscribe">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L8 "View in source")

Gets the subscription virtual time.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The subscription virtual time.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201);

console.log(s1.subscribe);
// => 201
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *

### <a id="unsubscribe"></a>`unsubscribe`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/subscription.js#L9 "View in source")

Gets the unsubscription virtual time.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The unsubscription virtual time.

#### Example

```js
var s1 = new Subscription(201, 500);

console.log(s1.unsubscribe);
// => 500
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

* * *
