doc/api/testing/testscheduler.md, before:

# `Rx.TestScheduler` class #

Virtual time scheduler used for testing applications and libraries built using Reactive Extensions.  This inherits from the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.TestScheduler`.  In order to make the end comparisons work, you must implement a collection assert, for example here using QUnit.

```js
function createMessage(expected, actual) {
  return 'Expected: [' + expected.toString() + ']\r\nActual: [' + actual.toString() + ']';
}

// Using QUnit testing for assertions
var collectionAssert = {
  assertEqual: function (actual, expected) {
    var comparer = Rx.internals.isEqual, isOk = true;

    if (expected.length !== actual.length) {
      ok(false, 'Not equal length. Expected: ' + expected.length + ' Actual: ' + actual.length);
      return;
    }

    for(var i = 0, len = expected.length; i < len; i++) {
      isOk = comparer(expected[i], actual[i]);
      if (!isOk) {
        break;
      }
    }

    ok(isOk, createMessage(expected, actual));
  }
};

var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted,
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `TestScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxtestscheduler)

## `TestScheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`createColdObservable`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs)
- [`createHotObservable`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs)
- [`createObserver`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver)
- [`createRejectedPromise`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason)
- [`createResolvedPromise`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value)
- [`startScheduler`](#rxtestschedulerprototypestartschedulercreate-settings)

## Inherited Classes ##

- [`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/virtualtimescheduler.md)

## **TestScheduler Constructor** ##

### <a id="rxtestscheduler"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler()`
<a href="#rxtestscheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a new virtual time test scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted,
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

## **TestScheduler Instance Methods** ##

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createColdObservable(...args)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L118-L121 "View in source")

Creates a cold observable using the specified timestamped notification messages.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Arguments)*: An arguments array of Recorded objects from `Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext`, `Rx.ReactiveTest.onError`, and `Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted` methods.

#### Returns
*(Observable)*: Cold observable sequence that can be used to assert the timing of subscriptions and notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create cold observable with offset from subscribe time
var xs = scheduler.createColdObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(200, 2),
  onNext(250, 3),
  onCompleted(300)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.filter(function (x) { return x % 2 === 0; });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(400, 2),
  onCompleted(500)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 500)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createHotObservable(...args)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L108-L111 "View in source")

Creates a hot observable using the specified timestamped notification messages.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Arguments)*: An arguments array of Recorded objects from `Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext`, `Rx.ReactiveTest.onError`, and `Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted` methods.

#### Returns
*(Observable)*: Hot observable sequence that can be used to assert the timing of subscriptions and notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createObserver()`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L127-L129 "View in source")

Creates an observer that records received notification messages and timestamps those.

#### Returns
`Observer`: Observer that can be used to assert the timing of received notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var d = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var xs = Rx.Observable.return(42, scheduler);

var res = scheduler.createObserver();

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 100, function () {
  return d.setDisposable(xs.subscribe(
    function (x) {
      d.dispose();
      res.onNext(x);
    },
    res.onError.bind(res),
    res.onCompleted.bind(res)
  ));
});

scheduler.start();

collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(101, 42)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createRejectedPromise(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a rejected promise with the given reason and ticks.

### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: The absolute time of the resolution.
2. `reason` *(Any)*: The reason for rejection to yield at the given tick.

#### Returns
*(Promise)*: A mock Promise which rejects with the given reason.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create rejected promise
var error = new Error();
var xs = scheduler.createRejectedPromise(201, error);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  // Need to pass test scheduler due to issue #976
  return Rx.Observable.fromPromise(xs, scheduler);
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onError(201, error)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createResolvedPromise(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a resolved promise with the given value and ticks.

### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: The absolute time of the resolution.
2. `value` *(Any)*: The value to yield at the given tick.

#### Returns
*(Promise)*: A mock Promise which fulfills with the given value.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create resolved promise
var xs = scheduler.createResolvedPromise(201, 1);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  // Need to pass test scheduler due to issue #976
  return Rx.Observable.fromPromise(xs, scheduler);
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(201, 1),
  onCompleted(201)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypestartschedulercreate-settings"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.startScheduler(create, settings)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypestartSchedulercreate">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Starts the test scheduler and uses the specified settings for creation, subscription and disposal. If not specified, they will be set to their default timings.

### Arguments
1. `create` : `Function` - Factory method to create an observable sequence.
2. `settings`: `Object` - An object with the following properties:
    - `created`: `Number` - the time to create the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 100.
    - `subscribed`: `Number` - the time to subscribe to the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 200.
    - `disposed`: `Number` - the time to dispose the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 1000.

#### Returns
`Observer`: Observer with timestamped recordings of notification messages that were received during the virtual time window when the subscription to the source sequence was active.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
    onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create cold observable with offset from subscribe time
var xs = scheduler.createColdObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(200, 2),
  onNext(250, 3),
  onCompleted(300)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.filter(function (x) { return x % 2 === 0; });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(400, 2),
  onCompleted(500)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 500)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/testing/testscheduler.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.TestScheduler` class #

Virtual time scheduler used for testing applications and libraries built using Reactive Extensions.  This inherits from the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.TestScheduler`.  In order to make the end comparisons work, you must implement a collection assert, for example here using QUnit.

```js
function createMessage(expected, actual) {
  return 'Expected: [' + expected.toString() + ']\r\nActual: [' + actual.toString() + ']';
}

// Using QUnit testing for assertions
var collectionAssert = {
  assertEqual: function (actual, expected) {
    var comparer = Rx.internals.isEqual, isOk = true;

    if (expected.length !== actual.length) {
      ok(false, 'Not equal length. Expected: ' + expected.length + ' Actual: ' + actual.length);
      return;
    }

    for(var i = 0, len = expected.length; i < len; i++) {
      isOk = comparer(expected[i], actual[i]);
      if (!isOk) {
        break;
      }
    }

    ok(isOk, createMessage(expected, actual));
  }
};

var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted,
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

- rx.testing.js

## `TestScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxtestscheduler)

## `TestScheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`createColdObservable`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs)
- [`createHotObservable`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs)
- [`createObserver`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver)
- [`createRejectedPromise`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason)
- [`createResolvedPromise`](#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value)
- [`startScheduler`](#rxtestschedulerprototypestartschedulercreate-settings)

## Inherited Classes ##

- [`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/virtualtimescheduler.md)

## **TestScheduler Constructor** ##

### <a id="rxtestscheduler"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler()`
<a href="#rxtestscheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a new virtual time test scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted,
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

## **TestScheduler Instance Methods** ##

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createColdObservable(...args)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatecoldobservableargs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L118-L121 "View in source")

Creates a cold observable using the specified timestamped notification messages.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Arguments)*: An arguments array of Recorded objects from `Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext`, `Rx.ReactiveTest.onError`, and `Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted` methods.

#### Returns
*(Observable)*: Cold observable sequence that can be used to assert the timing of subscriptions and notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted
  subscribe = Rx.ReactiveTest.subscribe;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create cold observable with offset from subscribe time
var xs = scheduler.createColdObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(200, 2),
  onNext(250, 3),
  onCompleted(300)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.filter(function (x) { return x % 2 === 0; });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(400, 2),
  onCompleted(500)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 500)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createHotObservable(...args)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreatehotobservableargs">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L108-L111 "View in source")

Creates a hot observable using the specified timestamped notification messages.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Arguments)*: An arguments array of Recorded objects from `Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext`, `Rx.ReactiveTest.onError`, and `Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted` methods.

#### Returns
*(Observable)*: Hot observable sequence that can be used to assert the timing of subscriptions and notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create hot observable which will start firing
var xs = scheduler.createHotObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(210, 2),
  onNext(220, 3),
  onCompleted(230)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.map(function (x) { return x * x });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(210, 4),
  onNext(220, 9),
  onCompleted(230)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 230)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createObserver()`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateobserver">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js#L127-L129 "View in source")

Creates an observer that records received notification messages and timestamps those.

#### Returns
`Observer`: Observer that can be used to assert the timing of received notifications.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

var d = new Rx.SerialDisposable();

var xs = Rx.Observable.return(42, scheduler);

var res = scheduler.createObserver();

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 100, function () {
  return d.setDisposable(xs.subscribe(
    function (x) {
      d.dispose();
      res.onNext(x);
    },
    res.onError.bind(res),
    res.onCompleted.bind(res)
  ));
});

scheduler.start();

collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(101, 42)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createRejectedPromise(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreaterejectedpromiseticks-reason">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a rejected promise with the given reason and ticks.

### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: The absolute time of the resolution.
2. `reason` *(Any)*: The reason for rejection to yield at the given tick.

#### Returns
*(Promise)*: A mock Promise which rejects with the given reason.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create rejected promise
var error = new Error();
var xs = scheduler.createRejectedPromise(201, error);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  // Need to pass test scheduler due to issue #976
  return Rx.Observable.fromPromise(xs, scheduler);
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onError(201, error)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.createResolvedPromise(ticks, value)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypecreateresolvedpromiseticks-value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a resolved promise with the given value and ticks.

### Arguments
1. `ticks` *(Number)*: The absolute time of the resolution.
2. `value` *(Any)*: The value to yield at the given tick.

#### Returns
*(Promise)*: A mock Promise which fulfills with the given value.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
  onError = Rx.ReactiveTest.onError,
  onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create resolved promise
var xs = scheduler.createResolvedPromise(201, 1);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe, hence missing the 150 mark
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  // Need to pass test scheduler due to issue #976
  return Rx.Observable.fromPromise(xs, scheduler);
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(201, 1),
  onCompleted(201)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *

### <a id="rxtestschedulerprototypestartschedulercreate-settings"></a>`Rx.TestScheduler.prototype.startScheduler(create, settings)`
<a href="#rxtestschedulerprototypestartSchedulercreate">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js "View in source")

Starts the test scheduler and uses the specified settings for creation, subscription and disposal. If not specified, they will be set to their default timings.

### Arguments
1. `create` : `Function` - Factory method to create an observable sequence.
2. `settings`: `Object` - An object with the following properties:
    - `created`: `Number` - the time to create the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 100.
    - `subscribed`: `Number` - the time to subscribe to the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 200.
    - `disposed`: `Number` - the time to dispose the Observable sequence. If not specified, will default to 1000.

#### Returns
`Observer`: Observer with timestamped recordings of notification messages that were received during the virtual time window when the subscription to the source sequence was active.

#### Example
```js
var onNext = Rx.ReactiveTest.onNext,
    onCompleted = Rx.ReactiveTest.onCompleted;

var scheduler = new Rx.TestScheduler();

// Create cold observable with offset from subscribe time
var xs = scheduler.createColdObservable(
  onNext(150, 1),
  onNext(200, 2),
  onNext(250, 3),
  onCompleted(300)
);

// Note we'll start at 200 for subscribe
var res = scheduler.startScheduler(function () {
  return xs.filter(function (x) { return x % 2 === 0; });
});

// Implement collection assertion
collectionAssert.assertEqual(res.messages, [
  onNext(400, 2),
  onCompleted(500)
]);

// Check for subscribe/unsubscribe
collectionAssert.assertEqual(xs.subscriptions, [
  subscribe(200, 500)
]);
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/testing/testscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.testing.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.texting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js) |
[`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Testing`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Testing/)

* * *
