doc/api/config/readme.md, before:

# Reactive Extensions Configuration #

Configuration information for the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript

## Documentation ##

- [`Rx.config.Promise`](#rxconfigpromise)
- [`Rx.config.useNativeEvents`](#rxconfigusenativeevents)

* * *

### <a id="rxconfigpromise"></a>`Rx.config.Promise`
<a href="#rxconfigpromise">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Sets the default Promise type to be used when the [`toPromise`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/topromise.md) method is called.  Note that the Promise implementation must conform to the ES6 specification.  Some of those supported libraries are [Q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q), [RSVP](https://github.com/tildeio/rsvp.js), [when.js](https://github.com/cujojs/when) among others.  If not specified, this defaults to the native ES6 Promise, if available, else will throw an error.

#### Example

```js
Rx.config.Promise = RSVP.Promise;

var p = Rx.Observable.just(1).toPromise()
  .then(function (value) { console.log('Value: %s', s); });
// => Value: 1
```
* * *

### <a id="rxconfigusenativeevents"></a>`Rx.config.useNativeEvents`
<a href="#rxconfigusenativeevents">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromevent.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Determines whether the [`fromEvent`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromevent.md) method uses native DOM events only and disregards the referenced supported libraries such as [jQuery](http://jquery.com/), [Zepto.js](http://zeptojs.com/), [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/), [Ember.js](http://emberjs.com/) and [Backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org)

#### Example

For example, we could have jQuery referenced as part of our project, however, we only want native DOM events.

```html
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="rx.lite.js"></script>
```

We can do this by setting the `Rx.config.useNativeEvents` flag to `true`.

```js
Rx.config.useNativeEvents = true;

Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mousemove')
  .subscribe(function (e) {
    console.log('ClientX: %d, ClientY: %d', e.clientX, e.clientY);
  });
```
* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/config/readme.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Reactive Extensions Configuration #

Configuration information for the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript

## Documentation ##

- [`Rx.config.Promise`](#rxconfigpromise)
- [`Rx.config.useNativeEvents`](#rxconfigusenativeevents)

* * *

### <a id="rxconfigpromise"></a>`Rx.config.Promise`
<a href="#rxconfigpromise">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Sets the default Promise type to be used when the [`toPromise`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/topromise.md) method is called.  Note that the Promise implementation must conform to the ES6 specification.  Some of those supported libraries are [Q](https://github.com/kriskowal/q), [RSVP](https://github.com/tildeio/rsvp.js), [when.js](https://github.com/cujojs/when) among others.  If not specified, this defaults to the native ES6 Promise, if available, else will throw an error.

#### Example

```js
Rx.config.Promise = RSVP.Promise;

var p = Rx.Observable.just(1).toPromise()
  .then(function (value) { console.log('Value: %s', s); });
// => Value: 1
```
* * *

### <a id="rxconfigusenativeevents"></a>`Rx.config.useNativeEvents`
<a href="#rxconfigusenativeevents">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromevent.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Determines whether the [`fromEvent`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromevent.md) method uses native DOM events only and disregards the referenced supported libraries such as [jQuery](http://jquery.com/), [Zepto.js](http://zeptojs.com/), [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/), [Ember.js](http://emberjs.com/) and [Backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org)

#### Example

For example, we could have jQuery referenced as part of our project, however, we only want native DOM events.

```html
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="rx.lite.js"></script>
```

We can do this by setting the `Rx.config.useNativeEvents` flag to `true`.

```js
Rx.config.useNativeEvents = true;

Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mousemove')
  .subscribe(function (e) {
    console.log('ClientX: %d, ClientY: %d', e.clientX, e.clientY);
  });
```
* * *
