doc/api/schedulers/historicalscheduler.md, before:

### `Rx.HistoricalScheduler` class
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js "View in source")

Provides a virtual time scheduler that uses an optional `Date` for absolute time and time spans for relative time.  This inherits from the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.HistoricalScheduler`.  This shows creating a minute's worth of data from January 1st, 1970.

```js
// Initial data
var initialDate = 0;
var scheduler = new Rx.HistoricalScheduler(new Date(initialDate));

// Yield unto this subject
var s = new Rx.Subject();

// Some random data
function getData(time) {
  return Math.floor(Math.random() * (time + 1));
}

// Enqueue 1 minute's worth of data
while (initialDate <= 60000) {

  (function (i) {

    scheduler.scheduleFuture(new Date(i), function () {
      s.onNext({ value: getData(i), date: new Date(i) });
    });

  }(initialDate));

  initialDate += 10000;
}

// Subscription set
s.subscribe(function (x) {
  console.log('value: ', x.value);
  console.log('date: ', x.date.toGMTString());
});

// Run it
scheduler.start();

// => value: 0
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:00 UTC
// => value: 2013
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:10 UTC
// => value: 5896
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:20 UTC
// => value: 5415
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:30 UTC
// => value: 13411
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:40 UTC
// => value: 15518
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:50 UTC
// => value: 51076
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:01:00 UTC
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.virutaltime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virutaltime.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-VirtualTime`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-VirtualTime/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/historicalscheduler.js)

## `HistoricalScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxhistoricalschedulerinitialclock-comparer)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.VirtualScheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md)

## _HistoricalScheduler Constructor_ ##

### `Rx.HistoricalScheduler([initialClock], [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a new historical scheduler with the specified initial clock value.

#### Arguments
1. [`initialClock`] *(Function)*: Initial value for the clock.
2. [`comparer`] *(Function)*: Comparer to determine causality of events based on absolute time.

#### Example
```js
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.HistoricalScheduler(
  new Date(0),  /* initial clock of 0 */
  comparer      /* comparer for determining order */
);
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/schedulers/historicalscheduler.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.HistoricalScheduler` class
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js "View in source")

Provides a virtual time scheduler that uses an optional `Date` for absolute time and time spans for relative time.  This inherits from the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.HistoricalScheduler`.  This shows creating a minute's worth of data from January 1st, 1970.

```js
// Initial data
var initialDate = 0;
var scheduler = new Rx.HistoricalScheduler(new Date(initialDate));

// Yield unto this subject
var s = new Rx.Subject();

// Some random data
function getData(time) {
  return Math.floor(Math.random() * (time + 1));
}

// Enqueue 1 minute's worth of data
while (initialDate <= 60000) {

  (function (i) {

    scheduler.scheduleFuture(new Date(i), function () {
      s.onNext({ value: getData(i), date: new Date(i) });
    });

  }(initialDate));

  initialDate += 10000;
}

// Subscription set
s.subscribe(function (x) {
  console.log('value: ', x.value);
  console.log('date: ', x.date.toGMTString());
});

// Run it
scheduler.start();

// => value: 0
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:00 UTC
// => value: 2013
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:10 UTC
// => value: 5896
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:20 UTC
// => value: 5415
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:30 UTC
// => value: 13411
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:40 UTC
// => value: 15518
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:00:50 UTC
// => value: 51076
// => date: Thu, 1 Jan 1970 00:01:00 UTC
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.virutaltime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virutaltime.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-VirtualTime`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-VirtualTime/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/historicalscheduler.js)

## `HistoricalScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxhistoricalschedulerinitialclock-comparer)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.VirtualScheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md)

## _HistoricalScheduler Constructor_ ##

### `Rx.HistoricalScheduler([initialClock], [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/historicalscheduler.js "View in source")

Creates a new historical scheduler with the specified initial clock value.

#### Arguments
1. [`initialClock`] *(Function)*: Initial value for the clock.
2. [`comparer`] *(Function)*: Comparer to determine causality of events based on absolute time.

#### Example
```js
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.HistoricalScheduler(
  new Date(0),  /* initial clock of 0 */
  comparer      /* comparer for determining order */
);
```
