doc/api/schedulers/scheduler.md, before:

# `Rx.Scheduler` class #

Provides a set of static methods to access commonly used schedulers and a base class for all schedulers.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.Scheduler`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.schedule(
  'world',
  function (scheduler, x) { console.log('hello ' + x); }
);

// => hello world
```

### Location

File:
- [`scheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js)
- [`scheduler.periodic.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.periodic.js)
- [`scheduler.recursive.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js)
- [`scheduler.wrappers.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.wrappers.js)
- [`currentthreadscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/currentthreadscheduler.js)
- [`defaultscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/defaultscheduler.js)
- [`immediatescheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/immediatescheduler.js)


Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

## `Scheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`catch`](#rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler)
- [`now`](#rxschedulerprototypenow)

### Standard Scheduling ###
- [`schedule`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action)
- [`scheduleFuture`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action)

### Recursive Scheduling ###
- [`scheduleRecursive`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action)
- [`scheduleRecursiveFuture`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action)

### Periodic Scheduling ###
- [`schedulePeriodic`](#rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action)

## `Scheduler` Class Methods ##
- [`normalize`](#rxschedulernormalizetimespan)
- [`isScheduler`](#rxschedulerisschedulerobj)

## `Scheduler` Class Properties ##
- [`currentThread`](#rxschedulercurrentthread)
- [`immediate`](#rxschedulerimmediate)
- [`default` | `async`](#rxschedulerdefault)

## _Scheduler Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.catch(handler)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.wrappers.js "View in source")

Returns a scheduler that wraps the original scheduler, adding exception handling for scheduled actions.

#### Arguments
1. `handler` `Function`: Handler that's run if an exception is caught. The error will be rethrown if the handler returns `false`.

#### Returns
`Scheduler`: Wrapper around the original scheduler, enforcing exception handling.

#### Example

```js
SchedulerError.prototype = Object.create(Error.prototype);

function SchedulerError(message) {
  this.message = message;
  Error.call(this);
}

var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.default;
var catchScheduler = scheduler.catch(function (e) {
  return e instanceof SchedulerError;
});

// Throws no exception
var d1 = catchScheduler.schedule(function () {
  throw new SchedulerError('woops');
});

var d2 = catchScheduler.schedule(function () {
  throw new Error('woops');
});

// => Uncaught Error: woops
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypenow"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.now()`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypenow">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Gets the current time according to the Scheduler implementation.

#### Returns
`Number`: The current time according to the Scheduler implementation.

#### Example

```js
var now = Rx.Scheduler.default.now();

console.log(now);
// => 1381806323143
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### Standard Scheduling ###

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.schedule(state, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed with state.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: Any: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.immediate.schedule('world', function (scheduler, x) {
   console.log('hello ' + x);
});

// => hello world

// Tries to cancel but too late since it is immediate
disposable.dispose();
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleFuture(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action"">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at the specified relative due time. Note this only works with the built-in `Rx.Scheduler.default` scheduler, as the rest will throw an exception as the framework does not allow for blocking.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` `Number` | `Date`: Relative or absolute time at which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
/* Relative schedule */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleFuture(
  'world',
  5000, /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log('hello ' + x + ' after 5 seconds');
  }
);
// => hello world after 5 seconds

/* Absolute schedule */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleFuture(
  'world',
  new Date(Date.now() + 5000), /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log('hello ' + x + ' after 5 seconds');
  }
);
// => hello world after 5 seconds
```

***

### Recursive Scheduling ###

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleRecursive(state, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed with state.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters:
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in
  2. `recurse`: `Function` - The action to execute for recursive actions which takes the form of `recurse(newState)` where the new state is passed to be executed again.

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursive(
   0,
   function (i, recurse) {
    console.log(i); if (++i < 3) { recurse(i); }
   }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleRecursiveFuture(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js#L114-118 "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed recursively at a specified absolute or relative due time. Note this only works with the built-in `Rx.Scheduler.timeout` scheduler, as the rest will throw an exception as the framework does not allow for blocking.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` `Number`: Absolute time at which to execute the action for the first time.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters:
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in
  2. `recurse`: `Function` - The action to execute for recursive actions which takes the form of `recurse(newState, dueTime)`.

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
/* Absolute recursive future */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursiveFuture(
  0,
  new Date(Date.now() + 5000), /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (i, self) {
    console.log(i);
    if (++i < 3) {
      // Schedule mutliplied by a second by position
      self(i, new Date(Date.now() + (i * 1000)));
    }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2

/* Relative recursive future */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursiveFuture(
  0,
  5000, /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (i, self) {
    console.log(i);
    if (++i < 3) {
      // Schedule mutliplied by a second by position
      self(i, i * 1000);
    }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

***

### Periodic Scheduling ###

### <a id="rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.schedulePeriodic(state, period, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.periodic.js#L20-31 "View in source")

Schedules a periodic piece of work by dynamically discovering the scheduler's capabilities. The periodic task will be scheduled using `window.setInterval` for the base implementation.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `period` `Number`: Period for running the work periodically in ms.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters.  Note that the return value from this function becomes the state in the next execution of the action.
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.schedulePeriodic(
  0,
  1000, /* 1 second */
  function (i) {
    console.log(i);

    // After three times, dispose
    if (++i > 3) { disposable.dispose(); }

    return i;
});

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
// => 3
```

***

## _Scheduler Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulernormalizetimespan"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.normalize(timeSpan)`
<a href="#rxschedulernormalizetimespan">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js#L87-90 "View in source")

Normalizes the specified time span value to a positive value.

#### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` `Number`: The time span value to normalize.

#### Returns
`Number`: The specified time span value if it is zero or positive; otherwise, 0

#### Example

```js
var r1 = Rx.Scheduler.normalize(-1);
console.log(r1);
// => 0

var r2 = Rx.Scheduler.normalize(255);
console.log(r2);
// => 255
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerisschedulerobj"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.isScheduler(obj)`
<a href="#rxschedulerisschedulerobj">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Determines whether the given object is a `Scheduler` instance

#### Arguments
1. `obj` `Any`: The object to determine whether it is a `Scheduler` instance

#### Returns
`Boolean`: Whether the given object is a Scheduler.

#### Example

```js
var isScheduler = Rx.Scheduler.isScheduler(Rx.Scheduler.default);
console.log('Is scheduler? %s', isScheduler);
// Is scheduler? true
```

***

## _Scheduler Class Properties_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulercurrentthread"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.currentThread`
<a href="#rxschedulercurrentthread">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/currentthreadscheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work as soon as possible on the current thread.  This implementation does not support relative and absolute scheduling due to thread blocking required.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.currentThread;

var disposable = scheduler.schedule(
   'world',
   function (scheduler, x) {
      console.log('hello ' + x);
   });

// => hello world
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxschedulerimmediate"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.immediate`
<a href="#rxschedulerimmediate">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/immediatescheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work immediately on the current thread.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.immediate;

var disposable = scheduler.scheduleRecursive(
  0,
  function (x, self) {
    console.log(x);
    if (++x < 3) { self(x); }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxschedulerdefault"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.default`
<a href="#rxschedulerdefault">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/defaultscheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work via a timed callback based upon platform.  An alias exists as `Rx.Scheduler.async`.

For all schedule calls, it defaults to:

 - Node.js: uses `setImmediate` for newer builds, and `process.nextTick` for older versions.
 - Browser: depending on platform may use `setImmediate`, `MessageChannel`, `window.postMessage` and for older versions of IE, it will default to `script.onreadystatechanged`, else falls back to `window.setTimeout`.

For all relative and absolute scheduling, it defaults to using `window.setTimeout`.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.default;

var disposable = scheduler.schedule(
  0,
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log(x);
  }
);

// => 0
```

***

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/schedulers/scheduler.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.Scheduler` class #

Provides a set of static methods to access commonly used schedulers and a base class for all schedulers.

## Usage ##

The follow example shows the basic usage of an `Rx.Scheduler`.

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.schedule(
  'world',
  function (scheduler, x) { console.log('hello ' + x); }
);

// => hello world
```

### Location

File:
- [`scheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js)
- [`scheduler.periodic.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.periodic.js)
- [`scheduler.recursive.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js)
- [`scheduler.wrappers.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.wrappers.js)
- [`currentthreadscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/currentthreadscheduler.js)
- [`defaultscheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/defaultscheduler.js)
- [`immediatescheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/immediatescheduler.js)


Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

## `Scheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`catch`](#rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler)
- [`now`](#rxschedulerprototypenow)

### Standard Scheduling ###
- [`schedule`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action)
- [`scheduleFuture`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action)

### Recursive Scheduling ###
- [`scheduleRecursive`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action)
- [`scheduleRecursiveFuture`](#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action)

### Periodic Scheduling ###
- [`schedulePeriodic`](#rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action)

## `Scheduler` Class Methods ##
- [`normalize`](#rxschedulernormalizetimespan)
- [`isScheduler`](#rxschedulerisschedulerobj)

## `Scheduler` Class Properties ##
- [`currentThread`](#rxschedulercurrentthread)
- [`immediate`](#rxschedulerimmediate)
- [`default` | `async`](#rxschedulerdefault)

## _Scheduler Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.catch(handler)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypecatchhandler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.wrappers.js "View in source")

Returns a scheduler that wraps the original scheduler, adding exception handling for scheduled actions.

#### Arguments
1. `handler` `Function`: Handler that's run if an exception is caught. The error will be rethrown if the handler returns `false`.

#### Returns
`Scheduler`: Wrapper around the original scheduler, enforcing exception handling.

#### Example

```js
SchedulerError.prototype = Object.create(Error.prototype);

function SchedulerError(message) {
  this.message = message;
  Error.call(this);
}

var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.default;
var catchScheduler = scheduler.catch(function (e) {
  return e instanceof SchedulerError;
});

// Throws no exception
var d1 = catchScheduler.schedule(function () {
  throw new SchedulerError('woops');
});

var d2 = catchScheduler.schedule(function () {
  throw new Error('woops');
});

// => Uncaught Error: woops
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypenow"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.now()`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypenow">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Gets the current time according to the Scheduler implementation.

#### Returns
`Number`: The current time according to the Scheduler implementation.

#### Example

```js
var now = Rx.Scheduler.default.now();

console.log(now);
// => 1381806323143
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### Standard Scheduling ###

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.schedule(state, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulestate-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed with state.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: Any: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.immediate.schedule('world', function (scheduler, x) {
   console.log('hello ' + x);
});

// => hello world

// Tries to cancel but too late since it is immediate
disposable.dispose();
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleFuture(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulefuturestate-duetime-action"">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at the specified relative due time. Note this only works with the built-in `Rx.Scheduler.default` scheduler, as the rest will throw an exception as the framework does not allow for blocking.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` `Number` | `Date`: Relative or absolute time at which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
/* Relative schedule */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleFuture(
  'world',
  5000, /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log('hello ' + x + ' after 5 seconds');
  }
);
// => hello world after 5 seconds

/* Absolute schedule */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleFuture(
  'world',
  new Date(Date.now() + 5000), /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log('hello ' + x + ' after 5 seconds');
  }
);
// => hello world after 5 seconds
```

***

### Recursive Scheduling ###

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleRecursive(state, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivestate-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed with state.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters:
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in
  2. `recurse`: `Function` - The action to execute for recursive actions which takes the form of `recurse(newState)` where the new state is passed to be executed again.

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursive(
   0,
   function (i, recurse) {
    console.log(i); if (++i < 3) { recurse(i); }
   }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.scheduleRecursiveFuture(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerprototypeschedulerecursivefuturestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.recursive.js#L114-118 "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed recursively at a specified absolute or relative due time. Note this only works with the built-in `Rx.Scheduler.timeout` scheduler, as the rest will throw an exception as the framework does not allow for blocking.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` `Number`: Absolute time at which to execute the action for the first time.
2. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters:
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in
  2. `recurse`: `Function` - The action to execute for recursive actions which takes the form of `recurse(newState, dueTime)`.

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
/* Absolute recursive future */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursiveFuture(
  0,
  new Date(Date.now() + 5000), /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (i, self) {
    console.log(i);
    if (++i < 3) {
      // Schedule mutliplied by a second by position
      self(i, new Date(Date.now() + (i * 1000)));
    }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2

/* Relative recursive future */
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.scheduleRecursiveFuture(
  0,
  5000, /* 5 seconds in the future */
  function (i, self) {
    console.log(i);
    if (++i < 3) {
      // Schedule mutliplied by a second by position
      self(i, i * 1000);
    }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

***

### Periodic Scheduling ###

### <a id="rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.prototype.schedulePeriodic(state, period, action)`
<a href="#rxschedulerscheduleperiodicstate-period-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.periodic.js#L20-31 "View in source")

Schedules a periodic piece of work by dynamically discovering the scheduler's capabilities. The periodic task will be scheduled using `window.setInterval` for the base implementation.

#### Arguments
1. `state` `Any`: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `period` `Number`: Period for running the work periodically in ms.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following parameters.  Note that the return value from this function becomes the state in the next execution of the action.
  1. `state`: `Any` - The state passed in

#### Returns
`Disposable`: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example

```js
var disposable = Rx.Scheduler.default.schedulePeriodic(
  0,
  1000, /* 1 second */
  function (i) {
    console.log(i);

    // After three times, dispose
    if (++i > 3) { disposable.dispose(); }

    return i;
});

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
// => 3
```

***

## _Scheduler Class Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulernormalizetimespan"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.normalize(timeSpan)`
<a href="#rxschedulernormalizetimespan">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js#L87-90 "View in source")

Normalizes the specified time span value to a positive value.

#### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` `Number`: The time span value to normalize.

#### Returns
`Number`: The specified time span value if it is zero or positive; otherwise, 0

#### Example

```js
var r1 = Rx.Scheduler.normalize(-1);
console.log(r1);
// => 0

var r2 = Rx.Scheduler.normalize(255);
console.log(r2);
// => 255
```

***

### <a id="rxschedulerisschedulerobj"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.isScheduler(obj)`
<a href="#rxschedulerisschedulerobj">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/scheduler.js "View in source")

Determines whether the given object is a `Scheduler` instance

#### Arguments
1. `obj` `Any`: The object to determine whether it is a `Scheduler` instance

#### Returns
`Boolean`: Whether the given object is a Scheduler.

#### Example

```js
var isScheduler = Rx.Scheduler.isScheduler(Rx.Scheduler.default);
console.log('Is scheduler? %s', isScheduler);
// Is scheduler? true
```

***

## _Scheduler Class Properties_ ##

### <a id="rxschedulercurrentthread"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.currentThread`
<a href="#rxschedulercurrentthread">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/currentthreadscheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work as soon as possible on the current thread.  This implementation does not support relative and absolute scheduling due to thread blocking required.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.currentThread;

var disposable = scheduler.schedule(
   'world',
   function (scheduler, x) {
      console.log('hello ' + x);
   });

// => hello world
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxschedulerimmediate"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.immediate`
<a href="#rxschedulerimmediate">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/immediatescheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work immediately on the current thread.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.immediate;

var disposable = scheduler.scheduleRecursive(
  0,
  function (x, self) {
    console.log(x);
    if (++x < 3) { self(x); }
  }
);

// => 0
// => 1
// => 2
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxschedulerdefault"></a>`Rx.Scheduler.default`
<a href="#rxschedulerdefault">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/defaultscheduler.js "View in source")

Gets a scheduler that schedules work via a timed callback based upon platform.  An alias exists as `Rx.Scheduler.async`.

For all schedule calls, it defaults to:

 - Node.js: uses `setImmediate` for newer builds, and `process.nextTick` for older versions.
 - Browser: depending on platform may use `setImmediate`, `MessageChannel`, `window.postMessage` and for older versions of IE, it will default to `script.onreadystatechanged`, else falls back to `window.setTimeout`.

For all relative and absolute scheduling, it defaults to using `window.setTimeout`.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.default;

var disposable = scheduler.schedule(
  0,
  function (scheduler, x) {
    console.log(x);
  }
);

// => 0
```

***
