doc/api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md, before:

# `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class #

Base class for providing scheduling in virtual time.  This inherits from the `Rx.Scheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`. In order for this to work, you must implement the `add`, `toAbsoluteTime` and `toRelativeTime` methods as described below.

```js
/* Comparer required for scheduling priority */
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(0, comparer);

/**
 * Adds a relative time value to an absolute time value.
 * @param {Any} absolute Absolute virtual time value.
 * @param {Any} relative Relative virtual time value to add.
 * @return {Any} Resulting absolute virtual time sum value.
 */
scheduler.add = function (absolute, relative) {
  return absolute + relative;
};

/**
 * Converts an absolute time to a number
 * @param {Number} The absolute time in ms
 * @returns {Number} The absolute time in ms
 */
scheduler.toAbsoluteTime = function (absolute) {
  return new Date(absolute);
};

/**
 * Converts the time span number/Date to a relative virtual time value.
 * @param {Number} timeSpan TimeSpan value to convert.
 * @return {Number} Corresponding relative virtual time value.
 */
scheduler.toRelativeTime = function (timeSpan) {
  return timeSpan;
};

// Schedule some time
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(1), function () { console.log('foo'); });
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(2), function () { console.log('bar'); });
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(3), function () { scheduler.stop(); });

// Start the scheduler
scheduler.start();

// => foo
// => bar

// Check the clock once stopped
console.log(scheduler.now());
// => 3

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 3
```


### Location

File:
- [`virtualtimescheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.virtualtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virtualtime.js)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerinitialclock-comparer)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`advanceBy`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime)
- [`advanceTo`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime)
- [`scheduleAbsolute`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action)
- [`scheduleRelative`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action)
- [`sleep`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime)
- [`start`](#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart)
- [`stop`](#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Properties` ##
- [`isEnabled`](#isenabled)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Protected Abstract Methods` ##
- [`add`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative)
- [`toAbsoluteTime`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute)
- [`toRelativeTime`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Protected Methods` ##
- [`getNext`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypegetnext)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.Scheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/schedulers/scheduler.md)

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimescheduler"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(initialClock, comparer)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimescheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L38-L44 "View in source")

Creates a new virtual time scheduler with the specified initial clock value and absolute time comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `initialClock` *(Function)*: Initial value for the clock.
2. `comparer` *(Function)*: Comparer to determine causality of events based on absolute time.

#### Example
```js
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(
  0,          /* initial clock of 0 */
  comparer    /* comparer for determining order */
);
```

***

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.advanceBy(time)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L166-L176 "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock by the specified relative time, running all work scheduled for that timespan.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Relative time to advance the scheduler's clock by.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  200 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 250, function () {
  console.log('hello');
});

scheduler.advanceBy(300);
// => hello

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 500
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.advanceTo(time)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock to the specified time, running all work till that point.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Absolute time to advance the scheduler's clock to.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 100, function () {
  console.log('hello');
});

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 200, function () {
  console.log('world');
});

scheduler.advanceBy(300);
// => hello
// => world

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 300
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.scheduleAbsolute(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at dueTime.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: *(Any)*: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` *(Any)*: Absolute time at which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 200
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.scheduleRelative(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L89-L92 "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at dueTime.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: *(Any)*: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` *(Any)*: Relative time after which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 300
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.sleep(time)`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L182-L190 "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock by the specified relative time.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Relative time to advance the scheduler's clock by.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.sleep(400);

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 400
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.start()`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L107-L123 "View in source")

Starts the virtual time scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 400
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.stop()`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L128-L130 "View in source")

Stops the virtual time scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative(null, 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  scheduler.stop();
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative(null, 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodbye cruel ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
```

***

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Abstract Protected Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.add(absolute, relative)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L54 "View in source")

Adds a relative time value to an absolute time value.  This method is used in several methods including `scheduleRelative`, `advanceBy` and `sleep`.

### Arguments
1. `absolute` *(Any)*: Absolute virtual time value.
2. `relative` *(Any)*: Relative virtual time value.

#### Returns
*(Any)*: Resulting absolute virtual time sum value.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
scheduler.add = function (absolute, relative) {
    return absolute + relative;
};
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.toAbsoluteTime(absolute)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L61 "View in source")

Converts an absolute time to a number.  This is used directly in the `now` method on the `Rx.Scheduler`

### Arguments
1. `absolute` *(Any)*: The absolute time to convert.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The absolute time in ms.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
// String -> Number
scheduler.toAbsoluteTime = function (absolute) {
  return absolute.length;
};
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.toRelativeTime(timeSpan)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L61 "View in source")

Converts the time span number/Date to a relative virtual time value.

### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` *(Any)*: The time span number value to convert.  This is used directly in `scheduleFuture`.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: Corresponding relative virtual time value.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
// Number -> Number
scheduler.toRelativeTime = function (timeSpan) {
  return timeSpan;
};
```

***

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler` class #

Base class for providing scheduling in virtual time.  This inherits from the `Rx.Scheduler` class.

## Usage ##

The following shows an example of using the `Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`. In order for this to work, you must implement the `add`, `toAbsoluteTime` and `toRelativeTime` methods as described below.

```js
/* Comparer required for scheduling priority */
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(0, comparer);

/**
 * Adds a relative time value to an absolute time value.
 * @param {Any} absolute Absolute virtual time value.
 * @param {Any} relative Relative virtual time value to add.
 * @return {Any} Resulting absolute virtual time sum value.
 */
scheduler.add = function (absolute, relative) {
  return absolute + relative;
};

/**
 * Converts an absolute time to a number
 * @param {Number} The absolute time in ms
 * @returns {Number} The absolute time in ms
 */
scheduler.toAbsoluteTime = function (absolute) {
  return new Date(absolute);
};

/**
 * Converts the time span number/Date to a relative virtual time value.
 * @param {Number} timeSpan TimeSpan value to convert.
 * @return {Number} Corresponding relative virtual time value.
 */
scheduler.toRelativeTime = function (timeSpan) {
  return timeSpan;
};

// Schedule some time
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(1), function () { console.log('foo'); });
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(2), function () { console.log('bar'); });
scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, new Date(3), function () { scheduler.stop(); });

// Start the scheduler
scheduler.start();

// => foo
// => bar

// Check the clock once stopped
console.log(scheduler.now());
// => 3

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 3
```


### Location

File:
- [`virtualtimescheduler.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.virtualtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virtualtime.js)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Constructor` ##
- [`constructor`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerinitialclock-comparer)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Methods` ##
- [`advanceBy`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime)
- [`advanceTo`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime)
- [`scheduleAbsolute`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action)
- [`scheduleRelative`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action)
- [`sleep`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime)
- [`start`](#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart)
- [`stop`](#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Properties` ##
- [`isEnabled`](#isenabled)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Protected Abstract Methods` ##
- [`add`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative)
- [`toAbsoluteTime`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute)
- [`toRelativeTime`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan)

## `VirtualTimeScheduler Protected Methods` ##
- [`getNext`](#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypegetnext)

## Inherited Classes ##
- [`Rx.Scheduler`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/schedulers/scheduler.md)

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Constructor_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimescheduler"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(initialClock, comparer)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimescheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L38-L44 "View in source")

Creates a new virtual time scheduler with the specified initial clock value and absolute time comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `initialClock` *(Function)*: Initial value for the clock.
2. `comparer` *(Function)*: Comparer to determine causality of events based on absolute time.

#### Example
```js
function comparer (x, y) {
  if (x > y) { return 1; }
  if (x < y) { return -1; }
  return 0;
}

var scheduler = new Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler(
  0,          /* initial clock of 0 */
  comparer    /* comparer for determining order */
);
```

***

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.advanceBy(time)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancebytime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L166-L176 "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock by the specified relative time, running all work scheduled for that timespan.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Relative time to advance the scheduler's clock by.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  200 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 250, function () {
  console.log('hello');
});

scheduler.advanceBy(300);
// => hello

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 500
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.advanceTo(time)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeadvancetotime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock to the specified time, running all work till that point.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Absolute time to advance the scheduler's clock to.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 100, function () {
  console.log('hello');
});

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute(null, 200, function () {
  console.log('world');
});

scheduler.advanceBy(300);
// => hello
// => world

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 300
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.scheduleAbsolute(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypescheduleabsolutestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at dueTime.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: *(Any)*: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` *(Any)*: Absolute time at which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleAbsolute('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 200
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.scheduleRelative(state, dueTime, action)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeschedulerelativestate-duetime-action">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L89-L92 "View in source")

Schedules an action to be executed at dueTime.

#### Arguments
1. `state`: *(Any)*: State passed to the action to be executed.
2. `dueTime` *(Any)*: Relative time after which to execute the action.
3. `action`: `Function`: Action to execute with the following arguments:
  1. `scheduler`: `Scheduler` - The current Scheduler
  2. `state`: `Any` - The current state

#### Returns
*(Disposable)*: The disposable object used to cancel the scheduled action (best effort).

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 300
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.sleep(time)`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypesleeptime">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L182-L190 "View in source")

Advances the scheduler's clock by the specified relative time.

#### Arguments
1. `time` *(Any)*: Relative time to advance the scheduler's clock by.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.sleep(400);

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 400
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.start()`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestart">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L107-L123 "View in source")

Starts the virtual time scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative('moon', 200, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodnight ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
// => goodnight moon

console.log(scheduler.clock);
// => 400
```

***

### <a id="rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.stop()`
<a href="#rxvritualtimeschedulerprototypestop">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/concurrency/virtualtimescheduler.js#L128-L130 "View in source")

Stops the virtual time scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var scheduler = new MyVirtualScheduler(
  0 /* initial time */
);

scheduler.scheduleRelative('world', 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('hello ' + state);
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative(null, 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  scheduler.stop();
});

scheduler.scheduleRelative(null, 100, function (scheduler, state) {
  console.log('goodbye cruel ' + state);
});

scheduler.start();
// => hello world
```

***

## _VirtualTimeScheduler Abstract Protected Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.add(absolute, relative)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypeaddabsolute-relative">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L54 "View in source")

Adds a relative time value to an absolute time value.  This method is used in several methods including `scheduleRelative`, `advanceBy` and `sleep`.

### Arguments
1. `absolute` *(Any)*: Absolute virtual time value.
2. `relative` *(Any)*: Relative virtual time value.

#### Returns
*(Any)*: Resulting absolute virtual time sum value.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
scheduler.add = function (absolute, relative) {
    return absolute + relative;
};
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.toAbsoluteTime(absolute)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetoabsolutetimeabsolute">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L61 "View in source")

Converts an absolute time to a number.  This is used directly in the `now` method on the `Rx.Scheduler`

### Arguments
1. `absolute` *(Any)*: The absolute time to convert.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: The absolute time in ms.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
// String -> Number
scheduler.toAbsoluteTime = function (absolute) {
  return absolute.length;
};
```

***

### <a id="rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan"></a>`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler.prototype.toRelativeTime(timeSpan)`
<a href="#rxvirtualtimeschedulerprototypetorelativetimetimespan">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/subjects/asyncsubject.js#L61 "View in source")

Converts the time span number/Date to a relative virtual time value.

### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` *(Any)*: The time span number value to convert.  This is used directly in `scheduleFuture`.

#### Returns
*(Number)*: Corresponding relative virtual time value.

#### Example

One possible implementation could be as simple as the following:

```js
// Number -> Number
scheduler.toRelativeTime = function (timeSpan) {
  return timeSpan;
};
```

***
