doc/api/helpers/readme.md, before:

# Reactive Extensions Helpers #

Helper functions for the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript

## Documentation ##

- [`Rx.helpers.defaultComparer`](#rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y)
- [`Rx.helpers.defaultSubComparer`](#rxhelpersdefaultsubscomparerx-y)
- [`Rx.helpers.defaultError`](#rxhelpersdefaulterror)
- [`Rx.helpers.identity`](#rxhelpersidentityx)
- [`Rx.helpers.isPromise`](#rxhelpersispromisep)
- [`Rx.helpers.noop`](#rxhelpersnoop)

* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultComparer(x, y)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

The default equality comparer, used when a comparer is not supplied to a function.  Uses an internal deep equality check.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The first value to compare
2. `y` *(Any)*: The second value to compare

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if equal; else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var comparer = Rx.helpers.defaultComparer;

// Should return true
var x = 42, y = 42
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => true

// Should return false
var x = new Date(0), y = new Date();
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => false
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaultsubcomparerx-y"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultSubcomparer(x, y)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaultsubcomparerx-y">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

The default comparer to determine whether one object is greater, less than or equal to another.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The first value to compare
2. `y` *(Any)*: The second value to compare

#### Returns
*(Number)*: Returns `1` if `x` is greater than `y`, `-1` if `y` is greater than `x`, and `0` if the objects are equal.

#### Example

```js
var comparer = Rx.helpers.defaultSubcomparer;

// Should return 0
var x = 42, y = 42
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => 0

// Should return -1
var x = new Date(0), y = new Date();
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => -1

// Should return 1
var x = 43, y = 42;
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => 1
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaulterror"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultError(err)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaulterror">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Throws the specified error

#### Arguments
1. `err` *(Any)*: The error to throw

#### Example

```js
var defaultError = Rx.helpers.defaultError;

// Returns its value
defaultError(new Error('woops'))
// => Error: woops
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersidentityx"></a>`Rx.helpers.identity(x)`
<a href="#rxhelpersidentityx">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which returns its value unmodified.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The value to return.

#### Returns
*(Any)*: The value given as the parameter.

#### Example

```js
var identity = Rx.helpers.identity;

// Returns its value
var x = identity(42);
console.log(x);
// => 42
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersispromisep"></a>`Rx.helpers.isPromise(p)`
<a href="#rxhelpersispromisep">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which determines whether the object is a `Promise`.

#### Arguments
1. `p` *(Any)*: The object to determine whether it is a promise.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if the object is a `Promise` else `false`

#### Example

```js
var isPromise = Rx.helpers.isPromise;

var p = RSVP.Promise(function (res) { res(42); });

console.log(isPromise(p));
// => true
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersnoop"></a>`Rx.helpers.noop()`
<a href="#rxhelpersnoop">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which does nothing

#### Example

```js
var noop = Rx.helpers.noop;

// This does nothing!
noop();
```
* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/helpers/readme.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Reactive Extensions Helpers #

Helper functions for the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript

## Documentation ##

- [`Rx.helpers.defaultComparer`](#rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y)
- [`Rx.helpers.defaultSubComparer`](#rxhelpersdefaultsubscomparerx-y)
- [`Rx.helpers.defaultError`](#rxhelpersdefaulterror)
- [`Rx.helpers.identity`](#rxhelpersidentityx)
- [`Rx.helpers.isPromise`](#rxhelpersispromisep)
- [`Rx.helpers.noop`](#rxhelpersnoop)

* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultComparer(x, y)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaultcomparerx-y">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

The default equality comparer, used when a comparer is not supplied to a function.  Uses an internal deep equality check.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The first value to compare
2. `y` *(Any)*: The second value to compare

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if equal; else `false`.

#### Example

```js
var comparer = Rx.helpers.defaultComparer;

// Should return true
var x = 42, y = 42
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => true

// Should return false
var x = new Date(0), y = new Date();
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => false
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaultsubcomparerx-y"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultSubcomparer(x, y)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaultsubcomparerx-y">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

The default comparer to determine whether one object is greater, less than or equal to another.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The first value to compare
2. `y` *(Any)*: The second value to compare

#### Returns
*(Number)*: Returns `1` if `x` is greater than `y`, `-1` if `y` is greater than `x`, and `0` if the objects are equal.

#### Example

```js
var comparer = Rx.helpers.defaultSubcomparer;

// Should return 0
var x = 42, y = 42
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => 0

// Should return -1
var x = new Date(0), y = new Date();
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => -1

// Should return 1
var x = 43, y = 42;
console.log(comparer(x, y));
// => 1
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersdefaulterror"></a>`Rx.helpers.defaultError(err)`
<a href="#rxhelpersdefaulterror">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Throws the specified error

#### Arguments
1. `err` *(Any)*: The error to throw

#### Example

```js
var defaultError = Rx.helpers.defaultError;

// Returns its value
defaultError(new Error('woops'))
// => Error: woops
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersidentityx"></a>`Rx.helpers.identity(x)`
<a href="#rxhelpersidentityx">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which returns its value unmodified.

#### Arguments
1. `x` *(Any)*: The value to return.

#### Returns
*(Any)*: The value given as the parameter.

#### Example

```js
var identity = Rx.helpers.identity;

// Returns its value
var x = identity(42);
console.log(x);
// => 42
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersispromisep"></a>`Rx.helpers.isPromise(p)`
<a href="#rxhelpersispromisep">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which determines whether the object is a `Promise`.

#### Arguments
1. `p` *(Any)*: The object to determine whether it is a promise.

#### Returns
*(Boolean)*: `true` if the object is a `Promise` else `false`

#### Example

```js
var isPromise = Rx.helpers.isPromise;

var p = RSVP.Promise(function (res) { res(42); });

console.log(isPromise(p));
// => true
```
* * *

### <a id="rxhelpersnoop"></a>`Rx.helpers.noop()`
<a href="#rxhelpersnoop">#</a>[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/basicheader.js "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

A function which does nothing

#### Example

```js
var noop = Rx.helpers.noop;

// This does nothing!
noop();
```
* * *
