examples/community.md, before:

# RxJS Community Examples #

Below are samples using RxJS as provided by the community.

- [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
    - [Rx-React](https://github.com/fdecampredon/rx-react)
    - [RxReact](https://github.com/AlexMost/RxReact)
    - [cycle-react](https://github.com/pH200/cycle-react)
    - [React RxJS Autocomplete](https://github.com/eliseumds/react-autocomplete)
    - [React RxJS TODO MVC](https://github.com/fdecampredon/react-rxjs-todomvc)
    - [Rx TODO MVC](https://github.com/footballradar/rx-todomvc)
    - [React RxJS Router](https://github.com/kmcclosk/reactjs-rxjs-example)
    - [React + RxJS + Angular 2.0 di.js TODO MVC](https://github.com/joelhooks/react-rxjs-angular-di-todomvc)
    - [React + RxJS Reactive Cube](https://github.com/hugobessaa/cubactive)
    - [Real-Time with React + RxJS + Meteor](https://medium.com/@bobiblazeski/functional-reactive-interfaces-e8de034de6bd)
    - [React + RxJS Flow](https://github.com/justinwoo/react-rxjs-flow)
    - [Reactive Widgets](https://github.com/zxbodya/reactive-widgets)
    - [React RxJS Infinite Scroll](https://github.com/justinwoo/react-rxjs-scroll)
    - [React RxJS Flux](https://github.com/xgrommx/react-rx-flux)
    - [Real-Time TODOs using RethinkDB, React, RxJS and Socket.io](https://github.com/bobiblazeski/rio)

- [Flux](http://facebook.github.io/flux/)
    - [Rx-Flux](https://github.com/fdecampredon/rx-flux)
    - [ReactiveFlux](https://github.com/codesuki/reactive-flux)
    - [Thundercats.js](https://github.com/r3dm/thundercats)
    - [Flurx](https://github.com/cell303/flurx)
    - [RR](https://github.com/winsonwq/RR)
    - [Loxe](https://github.com/ahomu/Loxe)

- [Ember](http://emberjs.com/)
    - [RxEmber](https://github.com/blesh/RxEmber)

- [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org)
    - [Ninya.io - Angular + RxJS + rx.angular.js](https://github.com/ninya-io/ninya.io) - [Site](http://stackwho.herokuapp.com/)
    - [The Car Game](https://github.com/mikkark/TheCarGame) - [Site](https://thecargame.herokuapp.com/) - [Blog Post](https://allthingsarchitectural.wordpress.com/2014/11/24/game-programming-with-angular-rxjs-and-node-js/)

- [Cycle](https://github.com/staltz/cycle)
    - [Cycle TODO MVC](https://github.com/staltz/todomvc-cycle)

- [WebRx](https://github.com/oliverw/webrx)
- [Zorium](https://zorium.org/)

- Everything else
    - [RxJS Examples from Cmdv](https://github.com/Cmdv/RxJS-Examples)
    - [RxVision](http://jaredly.github.io/rxvision/)
    - [Mario Elm Example](http://fudini.github.io/rx/mario.html)
    - [Firebase + RxJS](http://blog.cryptoguru.com/2014/11/frp-using-rxjs-and-firebase.html)  
    - [Reactive Trader](https://github.com/AdaptiveConsulting/ReactiveTrader) - [Site](https://reactivetrader.azurewebsites.net/)

- [NPM Dependencies](https://www.npmjs.com/browse/depended/rx)

Commit message:

Adding game of life example

examples/community.md, after:

# RxJS Community Examples #

Below are samples using RxJS as provided by the community.

- [React](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
    - [Rx-React](https://github.com/fdecampredon/rx-react)
    - [RxReact](https://github.com/AlexMost/RxReact)
    - [cycle-react](https://github.com/pH200/cycle-react)
    - [React RxJS Autocomplete](https://github.com/eliseumds/react-autocomplete)
    - [React RxJS TODO MVC](https://github.com/fdecampredon/react-rxjs-todomvc)
    - [Rx TODO MVC](https://github.com/footballradar/rx-todomvc)
    - [React RxJS Router](https://github.com/kmcclosk/reactjs-rxjs-example)
    - [React + RxJS + Angular 2.0 di.js TODO MVC](https://github.com/joelhooks/react-rxjs-angular-di-todomvc)
    - [React + RxJS Reactive Cube](https://github.com/hugobessaa/cubactive)
    - [Real-Time with React + RxJS + Meteor](https://medium.com/@bobiblazeski/functional-reactive-interfaces-e8de034de6bd)
    - [React + RxJS Flow](https://github.com/justinwoo/react-rxjs-flow)
    - [Reactive Widgets](https://github.com/zxbodya/reactive-widgets)
    - [React RxJS Infinite Scroll](https://github.com/justinwoo/react-rxjs-scroll)
    - [React RxJS Flux](https://github.com/xgrommx/react-rx-flux)
    - [Real-Time TODOs using RethinkDB, React, RxJS and Socket.io](https://github.com/bobiblazeski/rio)
    - [React RxJS and PureScript implementation of the Game of Life](https://github.com/EugeneN/pureGoL)

- [Flux](http://facebook.github.io/flux/)
    - [Rx-Flux](https://github.com/fdecampredon/rx-flux)
    - [ReactiveFlux](https://github.com/codesuki/reactive-flux)
    - [Thundercats.js](https://github.com/r3dm/thundercats)
    - [Flurx](https://github.com/cell303/flurx)
    - [RR](https://github.com/winsonwq/RR)
    - [Loxe](https://github.com/ahomu/Loxe)

- [Ember](http://emberjs.com/)
    - [RxEmber](https://github.com/blesh/RxEmber)

- [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org)
    - [Ninya.io - Angular + RxJS + rx.angular.js](https://github.com/ninya-io/ninya.io) - [Site](http://stackwho.herokuapp.com/)
    - [The Car Game](https://github.com/mikkark/TheCarGame) - [Site](https://thecargame.herokuapp.com/) - [Blog Post](https://allthingsarchitectural.wordpress.com/2014/11/24/game-programming-with-angular-rxjs-and-node-js/)

- [Cycle](https://github.com/staltz/cycle)
    - [Cycle TODO MVC](https://github.com/staltz/todomvc-cycle)

- [WebRx](https://github.com/oliverw/webrx)
- [Zorium](https://zorium.org/)

- Everything else
    - [RxJS Examples from Cmdv](https://github.com/Cmdv/RxJS-Examples)
    - [RxVision](http://jaredly.github.io/rxvision/)
    - [Mario Elm Example](http://fudini.github.io/rx/mario.html)
    - [Firebase + RxJS](http://blog.cryptoguru.com/2014/11/frp-using-rxjs-and-firebase.html)  
    - [Reactive Trader](https://github.com/AdaptiveConsulting/ReactiveTrader) - [Site](https://reactivetrader.azurewebsites.net/)

- [NPM Dependencies](https://www.npmjs.com/browse/depended/rx)
