doc/api/core/notification.md, before:

# Notification object #

Represents a notification to an observer.

## Usage ##

This can be dematerialized into an Observable.
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(
    Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42),
    Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()
  )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`notification.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js)

## `Notification Methods`
- [`createOnCompleted`](#rxnotificationcreateoncompleted)
- [`createOnError`](#rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception)
- [`createOnNext`](#rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue)

## `Notification Instance Methods`
- [`accept`](#rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted)
- [`toObservable`](#rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler)

## `Notification Properties`
- [`error`](#error)
- [`kind`](#kind)
- [`value`](#value)

## _Notification Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateoncompleted"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()`
<a href="#createOnCompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L113-L134 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnCompleted notification to an observer.

#### Returns
`Notification` - The OnCompleted notification.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted() )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Completed
```

***

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnError(exception)`
<a href="#rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L85-L107 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnError notification to an observer.

### Arguments
1. `error`: `Any` - The exception contained in the notification.

#### Returns
`Notification` - The OnError notification containing the exception.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('woops')) )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error: woops
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnNext(value)`
<a href="#rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L56-L178 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnNext notification to an observer.

### Arguments
1. `value`: `Any` - The value contained in the notification.

#### Returns
`Notification`: The onNext notification containing the value.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(
    Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42),
    Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()
  )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

***

## _Notification Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted"></a>`Rx.Notification.prototype.accept(observer | onNext, onError, onCompleted)`
<a href="#rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Invokes the delegate corresponding to the notification or the observer's method corresponding to the notification and returns the produced result or the individual functions given.

### Arguments
1. `[observer]`: `Observer` Observer to invoke the notification on.

OR

1. `onNext`: `Function` -  Function to invoke for an `onNext` notification.
2. `onError`: `Function` - Function to invoke for an `onError` notification.
3. `onCompleted`: `Function` - Function to invoke for an `onCompleted` notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: Result produced by the observation.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an observer */
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(function (x) { return x; });

var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);

console.log(notification.accept(observer));

// => 42

/* Using a function */
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);

console.log(notification.accept(function (x) { return x; }))
// => 42
```

***

### <a id="rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler"></a>`Rx.Notification.prototype.toObservable([scheduler])`
<a href="#rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence with a single notification.

### Arguments
1. `[scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` `Scheduler`: Scheduler to send out the notification calls on.

#### Returns
`Observable`: The observable sequence that surfaces the behavior of the notification upon subscription.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a scheduler */
var source = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42)
  .toObservable();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* With a scheduler */
var source = Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('error!'))
  .toObservable(Rx.Scheduler.default);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error: error!
```

***

## _Notification Properties_ ##

### <a id="error"></a>`error`
<a href="#error">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the exception from the OnError notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: The Error from the `onError` notification.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('invalid'));
console.log(notification.error);

// => Error: invalid
```

***

### <a id="kind"></a>`kind`
<a href="#kind">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the kind from the notification which denotes 'N' for OnNext, 'E' for OnError and 'C' for OnCompleted.

#### Returns
`String`: The kind from the notification which denotes 'N' for OnNext, 'E' for OnError and 'C' for OnCompleted.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted();
console.log(notification.kind);

// => C
```

***

### <a id="value"></a>`value`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the value from the `onNext` notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: The value from the `onNext` notification.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);
console.log(notification.value);

// => 42
```

***

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/notification.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Notification object #

Represents a notification to an observer.

## Usage ##

This can be dematerialized into an Observable.
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(
    Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42),
    Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()
  )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`notification.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js)

## `Notification Methods`
- [`createOnCompleted`](#rxnotificationcreateoncompleted)
- [`createOnError`](#rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception)
- [`createOnNext`](#rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue)

## `Notification Instance Methods`
- [`accept`](#rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted)
- [`toObservable`](#rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler)

## `Notification Properties`
- [`error`](#error)
- [`kind`](#kind)
- [`value`](#value)

## _Notification Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateoncompleted"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()`
<a href="#createOnCompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L113-L134 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnCompleted notification to an observer.

#### Returns
`Notification` - The OnCompleted notification.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted() )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Completed
```

***

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnError(exception)`
<a href="#rxnotificationcreateonerrorexception">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L85-L107 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnError notification to an observer.

### Arguments
1. `error`: `Any` - The exception contained in the notification.

#### Returns
`Notification` - The OnError notification containing the exception.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('woops')) )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error: woops
```

### Location

- rx.js

***

### <a id="rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue"></a>`Rx.Notification.createOnNext(value)`
<a href="#rxnotificationcreateonnextvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js#L56-L178 "View in source")

Creates an object that represents an OnNext notification to an observer.

### Arguments
1. `value`: `Any` - The value contained in the notification.

#### Returns
`Notification`: The onNext notification containing the value.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .of(
    Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42),
    Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted()
  )
  .dematerialize();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

***

## _Notification Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted"></a>`Rx.Notification.prototype.accept(observer | onNext, onError, onCompleted)`
<a href="#rxnotificationprototypeacceptobserver--onnext-onerror-oncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Invokes the delegate corresponding to the notification or the observer's method corresponding to the notification and returns the produced result or the individual functions given.

### Arguments
1. `[observer]`: `Observer` Observer to invoke the notification on.

OR

1. `onNext`: `Function` -  Function to invoke for an `onNext` notification.
2. `onError`: `Function` - Function to invoke for an `onError` notification.
3. `onCompleted`: `Function` - Function to invoke for an `onCompleted` notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: Result produced by the observation.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an observer */
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(function (x) { return x; });

var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);

console.log(notification.accept(observer));

// => 42

/* Using a function */
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);

console.log(notification.accept(function (x) { return x; }))
// => 42
```

***

### <a id="rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler"></a>`Rx.Notification.prototype.toObservable([scheduler])`
<a href="#rxnotificationprototypetoobservablescheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence with a single notification.

### Arguments
1. `[scheduler = Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` `Scheduler`: Scheduler to send out the notification calls on.

#### Returns
`Observable`: The observable sequence that surfaces the behavior of the notification upon subscription.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a scheduler */
var source = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42)
  .toObservable();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* With a scheduler */
var source = Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('error!'))
  .toObservable(Rx.Scheduler.default);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error: error!
```

***

## _Notification Properties_ ##

### <a id="error"></a>`error`
<a href="#error">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the exception from the OnError notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: The Error from the `onError` notification.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnError(new Error('invalid'));
console.log(notification.error);

// => Error: invalid
```

***

### <a id="kind"></a>`kind`
<a href="#kind">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the kind from the notification which denotes 'N' for OnNext, 'E' for OnError and 'C' for OnCompleted.

#### Returns
`String`: The kind from the notification which denotes 'N' for OnNext, 'E' for OnError and 'C' for OnCompleted.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted();
console.log(notification.kind);

// => C
```

***

### <a id="value"></a>`value`
<a href="#value">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/notification.js "View in source")

Gets the value from the `onNext` notification.

#### Returns
`Any`: The value from the `onNext` notification.

#### Example
```js
var notification = Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42);
console.log(notification.value);

// => 42
```

***
