doc/api/core/observer.md, before:

# Observer object #

The Observer object provides support for push-style iteration over an observable sequence.

The Observer and Objects interfaces provide a generalized mechanism for push-based notification, also known as the observer design pattern. The Observable object represents the object that sends notifications (the provider); the Observer object represents the class that receives them (the observer).

<!-- div -->

## `Observer Methods`
- [`create`](#rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted)
- [`fromNotifier`](#rxobserverfromotifierhandler)

## `Observer Instance Methods`
- [`asObserver`](#rxobserverprototypeasobserver)
- [`checked`](#rxobserverprototypechecked)
- [`notifyOn`](#rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler)
- [`onCompleted`](#rxobserverprototypeoncompleted)
- [`onError`](#rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror)
- [`onNext`](#rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue)
- [`toNotifier`](#rxobserverprototypetonotifier)

## _Observer Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted"></a>`Rx.Observer.create([onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])`
<a href="#rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1828-L1833 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates an observer from the specified `onNext`, `onError`, and `onCompleted` actions.

#### Arguments
1. `[onNext]` *(Function)*: Observer's onNext action implementation.
2. `[onError]` *(Function)*: Observer's onError action implementation.
3. `[onCompleted]` *(Function)*: Observer's onCompleted action implementation.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: The observer object implemented using the given actions.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(observer);

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverfromotifierhandler"></a>`Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler, [thisArg])`
<a href="#rxobserverfromotifierhandler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1843-L1851 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates an observer from a notification callback.

#### Arguments
1. `handler` *(Function)*: Function that handles a notification.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing `handler`.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: The observer object that invokes the specified handler using a notification corresponding to each message it receives.

#### Example
```js
function handler(n) {
	// Handle next calls
	if (n.kind === 'N') {
		console.log('Next: ' + n.value);
	}

	// Handle error calls
	if (n.kind === 'E') {
		console.log('Error: ' + n.exception);
	}

	// Handle completed
	if (n.kind === 'C') {
		console.log('Completed')
	}
}

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onError(new Error('error!!!'));
// => Error: Error: error!!!

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onCompleted();
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Observer Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeasobserver"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.asObserver()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeasobserver">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1810-L1812 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Hides the identity of an observer.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: An observer that hides the identity of the specified observer.

#### Example
```js
function SampleObserver () {
    Rx.Observer.call(this);
    this.isStopped = false;
}

SampleObserver.prototype = Object.create(Rx.Observer.prototype);
SampleObserver.prototype.constructor = SampleObserver;

Object.defineProperties(SampleObserver.prototype, {
    onNext: {
        value: function (x) {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                console.log('Next: ' + x);
            }
        }
    },
    onError: {
        value: function (err) {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                this.isStopped = true;
                console.log('Error: ' + err);
            }
        }
    },
    onCompleted: {
        value: function () {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                this.isStopped = true;
                console.log('Completed');
            }
        }
    }
});

var sampleObserver = new SampleObserver();

var source = sampleObserver.asObserver();

console.log(source === sampleObserver);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypechecked"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.checked()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypechecked">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1819 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Checks access to the observer for grammar violations. This includes checking for multiple `onError` or `onCompleted` calls, as well as reentrancy in any of the observer methods.

If a violation is detected, an Error is thrown from the offending observer method call.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: An observer that checks callbacks invocations against the observer grammar and, if the checks pass, forwards those to the specified observer.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var checked = observer.checked();

checked.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

checked.onCompleted();
// => Completed

// Throws Error('Observer completed')
checked.onNext(42);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.notifyOn(scheduler)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1858-1860 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Schedules the invocation of observer methods on the given scheduler.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(Scheduler)*: Scheduler to schedule observer messages on.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: Observer whose messages are scheduled on the given scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

// Notify on timeout scheduler
var timeoutObserver = observer.notifyOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

timeoutObserver.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeoncompleted"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onCompleted()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeoncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1899-L1904 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer of the end of the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onCompleted();
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onError(error)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1889-L1894 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer that an exception has occurred.

#### Arguments
1. `error` *(Any)*: The error that has occurred.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onError(new Error('error!!'));
// => Error: Error: error!!
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onNext(value)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1881-L1883 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer of a new element in the sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Any)*: Next element in the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypetonotifier"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.toNotifier()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypetonotifier">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1801-L1804 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates a notification callback from an observer.

#### Returns
*(Function)*: The function that forwards its input notification to the underlying observer.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var notifier = observer.toNotifier();

// Invoke with onNext
notifier(Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42));
// => Next: 42

// Invoke with onCompleted
notifier(Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted());
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/observer.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Observer object #

The Observer object provides support for push-style iteration over an observable sequence.

The Observer and Objects interfaces provide a generalized mechanism for push-based notification, also known as the observer design pattern. The Observable object represents the object that sends notifications (the provider); the Observer object represents the class that receives them (the observer).

<!-- div -->

## `Observer Methods`
- [`create`](#rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted)
- [`fromNotifier`](#rxobserverfromotifierhandler)

## `Observer Instance Methods`
- [`asObserver`](#rxobserverprototypeasobserver)
- [`checked`](#rxobserverprototypechecked)
- [`notifyOn`](#rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler)
- [`onCompleted`](#rxobserverprototypeoncompleted)
- [`onError`](#rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror)
- [`onNext`](#rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue)
- [`toNotifier`](#rxobserverprototypetonotifier)

## _Observer Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted"></a>`Rx.Observer.create([onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])`
<a href="#rxobservercreateonnext-onerror-oncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1828-L1833 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates an observer from the specified `onNext`, `onError`, and `onCompleted` actions.

#### Arguments
1. `[onNext]` *(Function)*: Observer's onNext action implementation.
2. `[onError]` *(Function)*: Observer's onError action implementation.
3. `[onCompleted]` *(Function)*: Observer's onCompleted action implementation.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: The observer object implemented using the given actions.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(observer);

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverfromotifierhandler"></a>`Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler, [thisArg])`
<a href="#rxobserverfromotifierhandler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1843-L1851 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates an observer from a notification callback.

#### Arguments
1. `handler` *(Function)*: Function that handles a notification.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing `handler`.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: The observer object that invokes the specified handler using a notification corresponding to each message it receives.

#### Example
```js
function handler(n) {
	// Handle next calls
	if (n.kind === 'N') {
		console.log('Next: ' + n.value);
	}

	// Handle error calls
	if (n.kind === 'E') {
		console.log('Error: ' + n.exception);
	}

	// Handle completed
	if (n.kind === 'C') {
		console.log('Completed')
	}
}

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onError(new Error('error!!!'));
// => Error: Error: error!!!

Rx.Observer.fromNotifier(handler).onCompleted();
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

## _Observer Instance Methods_ ##

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeasobserver"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.asObserver()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeasobserver">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1810-L1812 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Hides the identity of an observer.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: An observer that hides the identity of the specified observer.

#### Example
```js
function SampleObserver () {
    Rx.Observer.call(this);
    this.isStopped = false;
}

SampleObserver.prototype = Object.create(Rx.Observer.prototype);
SampleObserver.prototype.constructor = SampleObserver;

Object.defineProperties(SampleObserver.prototype, {
    onNext: {
        value: function (x) {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                console.log('Next: ' + x);
            }
        }
    },
    onError: {
        value: function (err) {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                this.isStopped = true;
                console.log('Error: ' + err);
            }
        }
    },
    onCompleted: {
        value: function () {
            if (!this.isStopped) {
                this.isStopped = true;
                console.log('Completed');
            }
        }
    }
});

var sampleObserver = new SampleObserver();

var source = sampleObserver.asObserver();

console.log(source === sampleObserver);
// => false
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypechecked"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.checked()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypechecked">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1819 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Checks access to the observer for grammar violations. This includes checking for multiple `onError` or `onCompleted` calls, as well as reentrancy in any of the observer methods.

If a violation is detected, an Error is thrown from the offending observer method call.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: An observer that checks callbacks invocations against the observer grammar and, if the checks pass, forwards those to the specified observer.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var checked = observer.checked();

checked.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42

checked.onCompleted();
// => Completed

// Throws Error('Observer completed')
checked.onNext(42);
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.notifyOn(scheduler)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypenotifyonscheduler">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1858-1860 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Schedules the invocation of observer methods on the given scheduler.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(Scheduler)*: Scheduler to schedule observer messages on.

#### Returns
*(Observer)*: Observer whose messages are scheduled on the given scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

// Notify on timeout scheduler
var timeoutObserver = observer.notifyOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

timeoutObserver.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeoncompleted"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onCompleted()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeoncompleted">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1899-L1904 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer of the end of the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onCompleted();
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onError(error)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeonerrorerror">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1889-L1894 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer that an exception has occurred.

#### Arguments
1. `error` *(Any)*: The error that has occurred.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onError(new Error('error!!'));
// => Error: Error: error!!
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.onNext(value)`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypeonnextvalue">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1881-L1883 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Notifies the observer of a new element in the sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `value` *(Any)*: Next element in the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

observer.onNext(42);
// => Next: 42
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *

### <a id="rxobserverprototypetonotifier"></a>`Rx.Observer.prototype.toNotifier()`
<a href="#rxobserverprototypetonotifier">#</a> [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L1801-L1804 "View in source") [&#x24C9;][1]

Creates a notification callback from an observer.

#### Returns
*(Function)*: The function that forwards its input notification to the underlying observer.

#### Example
```js
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x)
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    }
);

var notifier = observer.toNotifier();

// Invoke with onNext
notifier(Rx.Notification.createOnNext(42));
// => Next: 42

// Invoke with onCompleted
notifier(Rx.Notification.createOnCompleted());
// => Completed
```

### Location

- rx.js

* * *
