doc/libraries/main/rx.async.md, before:

# RxJS Async Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript provides support for bridging to events, promises, callbacks, Node.js-style callbacks and more.  This module includes all of that functionality.  In addition, this also supports taking ordinary functions and turning them into asynchronous functions via Observable sequences.

This comes with both `rx.async.js` which is for use in modern development environments such as > IE9 and server-side environments such as Node.js.  We also have `rx.async.compat.js` which has backwards compatibility to browsers which do not support all required ES5 features.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`fromCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromcallback.md)
- [`fromEvent`](../../api/core/operators/fromevent.md)
- [`fromEventPattern`](../../api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md)
- [`fromNodeCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md)
- [`spawn`](../../api/core/operators/spawn.md)
- [`start`](../../api/core/operators/start.md)
- [`startAsync`](../../api/core/operators/startasync.md)
- [`toAsync`](../../api/core/operators/toasync.md)
- [`toPromise`](../../api/core/operators/topromise.md)
- [`wrap`](../../api/core/operators/wrap.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/main/rx.async.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Async Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript provides support for bridging to events, promises, callbacks, Node.js-style callbacks and more.  This module includes all of that functionality.  In addition, this also supports taking ordinary functions and turning them into asynchronous functions via Observable sequences.

This comes with both `rx.async.js` which is for use in modern development environments such as > IE9 and server-side environments such as Node.js.  We also have `rx.async.compat.js` which has backwards compatibility to browsers which do not support all required ES5 features.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`fromCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromcallback.md)
- [`fromEvent`](../../api/core/operators/fromevent.md)
- [`fromEventPattern`](../../api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md)
- [`fromNodeCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md)
- [`spawn`](../../api/core/operators/spawn.md)
- [`start`](../../api/core/operators/start.md)
- [`startAsync`](../../api/core/operators/startasync.md)
- [`toAsync`](../../api/core/operators/toasync.md)
- [`toPromise`](../../api/core/operators/topromise.md)
- [`wrap`](../../api/core/operators/wrap.md)
