doc/libraries/main/rx.binding.md, before:

# RxJS Binding Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript has a notion of hot and cold observables.  Hot observables fire whether you are listening to them or not, such as mouse movements.  Cold observables on the other hand, such as a sequence created from an array will fire the same sequence to all subscribers.  The Binding module gives you the ability to replay events for hot observables, and to turn cold observables into hot observables.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`connect`](../../api/core/operators/connect.md)
- [`publish`](../../api/core/operators/publish.md)
- [`publishLast`](../../api/core/operators/publishlast.md)
- [`publishValue`](../../api/core/operators/publishvalue.md)
- [`refCount`](../../api/core/operators/refcount.md)
- [`replay`](../../api/core/operators/replay.md)
- [`share`](../../api/core/operators/share.md)
- [`shareLast`](../../api/core/operators/sharelast.md)
- [`shareReplay`](../../api/core/operators/sharereplay.md)
- [`shareValue`](../../api/core/operators/sharevalue.md)
- [`singleInstance`](../../api/core/operators/singleinstance.md)

## Included Classes ##

### Subjects

- [`Rx.BehaviorSubject`](../../api/core/observable.mdapi/subjects/behaviorsubject.md)
- [`Rx.ReplaySubject`](../../api/core/observable.mdapi/subjects/replaysubject.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/main/rx.binding.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Binding Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript has a notion of hot and cold observables.  Hot observables fire whether you are listening to them or not, such as mouse movements.  Cold observables on the other hand, such as a sequence created from an array will fire the same sequence to all subscribers.  The Binding module gives you the ability to replay events for hot observables, and to turn cold observables into hot observables.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`connect`](../../api/core/operators/connect.md)
- [`publish`](../../api/core/operators/publish.md)
- [`publishLast`](../../api/core/operators/publishlast.md)
- [`publishValue`](../../api/core/operators/publishvalue.md)
- [`refCount`](../../api/core/operators/refcount.md)
- [`replay`](../../api/core/operators/replay.md)
- [`share`](../../api/core/operators/share.md)
- [`shareLast`](../../api/core/operators/sharelast.md)
- [`shareReplay`](../../api/core/operators/sharereplay.md)
- [`shareValue`](../../api/core/operators/sharevalue.md)
- [`singleInstance`](../../api/core/operators/singleinstance.md)

## Included Classes ##

### Subjects

- [`Rx.BehaviorSubject`](../../api/core/observable.mdapi/subjects/behaviorsubject.md)
- [`Rx.ReplaySubject`](../../api/core/observable.mdapi/subjects/replaysubject.md)
