doc/libraries/main/rx.joinpatterns.md, before:

# RxJS Join Patterns Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript also supports join calculus in that you can easily create patterns for when certain observable sequences fire.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`when`](../../api/core/operators/when.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`and`](../../api/core/operators/and.md)

### `Pattern Instance Methods`
- [`thenDo`](../../api/core/operators/thendo.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/main/rx.joinpatterns.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Join Patterns Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript also supports join calculus in that you can easily create patterns for when certain observable sequences fire.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`when`](../../api/core/operators/when.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`and`](../../api/core/operators/and.md)

### `Pattern Instance Methods`
- [`thenDo`](../../api/core/operators/thendo.md)
