doc/libraries/main/rx.virtualtime.md, before:

# RxJS Virtual Time Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript supports a notion of virtual time, which allows you to mock time easily, or even run through historical data through the `HistoricalScheduler`.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.virtualtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virtualtime.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-VirtualTime`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-VirtualTime/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Classes ##

### Schedulers

- [`Rx.HistoricalScheduler`](../../api/schedulers/historicalscheduler.md)
- [`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`](../../api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/main/rx.virtualtime.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Virtual Time Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript supports a notion of virtual time, which allows you to mock time easily, or even run through historical data through the `HistoricalScheduler`.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.virtualtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.virtualtime.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-VirtualTime`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-VirtualTime/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NuGet Dependencies:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

## Included Classes ##

### Schedulers

- [`Rx.HistoricalScheduler`](../../api/schedulers/historicalscheduler.md)
- [`Rx.VirtualTimeScheduler`](../../api/schedulers/virtualtimescheduler.md)
