doc/api/core/operators/amb.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.amb(...args)` [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js "View in source")

Propagates the observable sequence or Promise that reacts first. "amb" stands for [ambiguous](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/jeffva/archive/2009/11/18/amb-materialize-and-dematerialize.aspx).

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sources or Promises competing to react first either as an array or arguments.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that surfaces any of the given sequences, whichever reacted first.

#### Example
```js
/* Using Observable sequences */
var source = Rx.Observable.amb(
    Rx.Observable.timer(500).select(function () { return 'foo'; }),
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).select(function () { return 'bar'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: bar
// => Completed

/* Using Promises and Observables */
var source = Rx.Observable.amb(
    RSVP.Promise.resolve('foo'),
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).select(function () { return 'bar'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: foo
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/amb.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/amb.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/amb.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.amb(...args)` [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js "View in source")

Propagates the observable sequence or Promise that reacts first. "amb" stands for [ambiguous](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/jeffva/archive/2009/11/18/amb-materialize-and-dematerialize.aspx).

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sources or Promises competing to react first either as an array or arguments.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that surfaces any of the given sequences, whichever reacted first.

#### Example
```js
/* Using Observable sequences */
var source = Rx.Observable.amb(
    Rx.Observable.timer(500).select(function () { return 'foo'; }),
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).select(function () { return 'bar'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: bar
// => Completed

/* Using Promises and Observables */
var source = Rx.Observable.amb(
    RSVP.Promise.resolve('foo'),
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).select(function () { return 'bar'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: foo
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/amb.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/amb.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/amb.js)
