doc/api/core/operators/and.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.and(rightSource)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/and.js "View in source")

Propagates the observable sequence that reacts first.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence to match with the current sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Pattern`)*: Pattern object that matches when both observable sequences have an available value.

#### Example
```js
// Choice of either plan, the first set of timers or second set
var source = Rx.Observable.when(
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).and(Rx.Observable.timer(300)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'first'; }),
    Rx.Observable.timer(400).and(Rx.Observable.timer(500)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'second'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first
// => Next: second
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/and.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/and.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/when.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/when.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/and.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.and(rightSource)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/and.js "View in source")

Propagates the observable sequence that reacts first.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence to match with the current sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Pattern`)*: Pattern object that matches when both observable sequences have an available value.

#### Example
```js
// Choice of either plan, the first set of timers or second set
var source = Rx.Observable.when(
    Rx.Observable.timer(200).and(Rx.Observable.timer(300)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'first'; }),
    Rx.Observable.timer(400).and(Rx.Observable.timer(500)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'second'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first
// => Next: second
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/and.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/and.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/when.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/when.js)
