doc/api/core/operators/average.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.average([selector], [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/average.js "View in source")

Computes the average of an observable sequence of values that are in the sequence or obtained by invoking a transform function on each element of the input sequence if present.

#### Arguments
1. `[selector]` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply to each element.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing `selector`.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with the average of the sequence of values.

#### Example
```js
// Without a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 9).average();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Completed

// With a selector
var arr = [
    { value: 1 },
    { value: 2 },
    { value: 3 }
];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(arr).average(function (x) {
    return x.value;
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/average.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/average.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/average.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/average.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/average.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.average([selector], [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/average.js "View in source")

Computes the average of an observable sequence of values that are in the sequence or obtained by invoking a transform function on each element of the input sequence if present.

#### Arguments
1. `[selector]` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply to each element.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing `selector`.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with the average of the sequence of values.

#### Example
```js
// Without a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 9).average();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Completed

// With a selector
var arr = [
    { value: 1 },
    { value: 2 },
    { value: 3 }
];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(arr).average(function (x) {
    return x.value;
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/average.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/average.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/average.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/average.js)
