doc/api/core/operators/buffer.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js#L572-L585 "View in source")

The `buffer` method periodically gathers items emitted by a source Observable into buffers, and emits these buffers as its own emissions.

Note that if the source Observable issues an `onError` notification, `buffer` will pass on this notification immediately without first emitting the buffer it is in the process of assembling, even if that buffer contains items that were emitted by the source Observable before it issued the error notification.

There are a number of ways with which you can regulate how `buffer` gathers items from the source Observable into buffers:

#### With buffer closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferClosingSelector);
```

Returns an Observable that emits buffers of items it collects from the source `Observable`. The resulting `Observable` emits connected, non-overlapping buffers. It emits the current buffer and replaces it with a new buffer whenever the `Observable` produced by the specified `bufferClosingSelector` emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `bufferClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
// With closings
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 50)
  .buffer(function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(125); })
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2
  // => Next: 3,4,5
  // => Next: 6,7
  // => Completed
```

#### With buffer opening and buffer closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferOpenings, bufferClosingSelector);
```

This version of `buffer` monitors an `Observable`, `bufferOpenings`, that emits Observable objects. Each time it observes such an emitted object, it creates a new bundle to begin collecting items emitted by the source Observable and it passes the `bufferOpenings` Observable into the `bufferClosingSelector` function. That function returns an `Observable`. `buffer` monitors that `Observable` and when it detects an emitted object, it closes its bundle and emits it as its own emission.

1. `bufferOpenings` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence whose elements denote the creation of new windows.
2. `bufferClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example

```js
/* Using Openings and Closing Selector */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(200);

var source = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
.buffer(openings, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x + 100); })
.take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 3,4
  // => Next: 7,8
  // => Next: 11,12
  // => Completed
  ```

#### With boundaries
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferBoundaries);
```

Returns an `Observable` that emits non-overlapping buffered items from the source `Observable` each time the specified boundary `Observable` emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `bufferBoundaries` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence of buffer boundary markers. The current buffer is closed and a new buffer is opened upon receiving a boundary marker.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
/* Using buffer boundaries */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(500);

// Convert the window to an array
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 100)
  .buffer(openings)
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2,3,4
  // => Next: 5,6,7,8,9,10
  // => Next: 11,12,13,14,15
  // => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/buffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/buffer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/buffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/buffer.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/buffer.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js#L572-L585 "View in source")

The `buffer` method periodically gathers items emitted by a source Observable into buffers, and emits these buffers as its own emissions.

Note that if the source Observable issues an `onError` notification, `buffer` will pass on this notification immediately without first emitting the buffer it is in the process of assembling, even if that buffer contains items that were emitted by the source Observable before it issued the error notification.

There are a number of ways with which you can regulate how `buffer` gathers items from the source Observable into buffers:

#### With buffer closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferClosingSelector);
```

Returns an Observable that emits buffers of items it collects from the source `Observable`. The resulting `Observable` emits connected, non-overlapping buffers. It emits the current buffer and replaces it with a new buffer whenever the `Observable` produced by the specified `bufferClosingSelector` emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `bufferClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
// With closings
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 50)
  .buffer(function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(125); })
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2
  // => Next: 3,4,5
  // => Next: 6,7
  // => Completed
```

#### With buffer opening and buffer closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferOpenings, bufferClosingSelector);
```

This version of `buffer` monitors an `Observable`, `bufferOpenings`, that emits Observable objects. Each time it observes such an emitted object, it creates a new bundle to begin collecting items emitted by the source Observable and it passes the `bufferOpenings` Observable into the `bufferClosingSelector` function. That function returns an `Observable`. `buffer` monitors that `Observable` and when it detects an emitted object, it closes its bundle and emits it as its own emission.

1. `bufferOpenings` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence whose elements denote the creation of new windows.
2. `bufferClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example

```js
/* Using Openings and Closing Selector */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(200);

var source = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
.buffer(openings, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x + 100); })
.take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 3,4
  // => Next: 7,8
  // => Next: 11,12
  // => Completed
  ```

#### With boundaries
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.buffer(bufferBoundaries);
```

Returns an `Observable` that emits non-overlapping buffered items from the source `Observable` each time the specified boundary `Observable` emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `bufferBoundaries` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence of buffer boundary markers. The current buffer is closed and a new buffer is opened upon receiving a boundary marker.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
/* Using buffer boundaries */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(500);

// Convert the window to an array
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 100)
  .buffer(openings)
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2,3,4
  // => Next: 5,6,7,8,9,10
  // => Next: 11,12,13,14,15
  // => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/buffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/buffer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/buffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/buffer.js)
