doc/api/core/operators/bufferwithcount.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.bufferWithCount(count, [skip])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js)

Projects each element of an observable sequence into zero or more buffers which are produced based on element count information.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Function`)*: Length of each buffer.
2. `[skip]` *(`Function`)*: Number of elements to skip between creation of consecutive buffers. If not provided, defaults to the count.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of buffers.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 6)
    .bufferWithCount(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1,2
// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 5,6
// => Completed

/* Using a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 6)
    .bufferWithCount(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1,2
// => Next: 2,3
// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 4,5
// => Next: 5,6
// => Next: 6
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/bufferwithcount.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/bufferwithcount.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/bufferwithcount.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.bufferWithCount(count, [skip])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js)

Projects each element of an observable sequence into zero or more buffers which are produced based on element count information.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Function`)*: Length of each buffer.
2. `[skip]` *(`Function`)*: Number of elements to skip between creation of consecutive buffers. If not provided, defaults to the count.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of buffers.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 6)
    .bufferWithCount(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1,2
// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 5,6
// => Completed

/* Using a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 6)
    .bufferWithCount(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1,2
// => Next: 2,3
// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 4,5
// => Next: 5,6
// => Next: 6
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/bufferwithcount.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/bufferwithcount.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/bufferwithcount.js)
