doc/api/core/operators/case.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.case(selector, sources, [elseSource|scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/case.js "View in source")

Uses selector to determine which source in sources to use.  There is an alias 'switchCase' for browsers <IE9.

### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*: The function which extracts the value for to test in a case statement.
2. `sources` *(`Object`)*: An object which has keys which correspond to the case statement labels.
3. `[elseSource|scheduler]` *(`Observable` | `Scheduler`)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the sources are not matched. If this is not provided, it defaults to `Rx.Observabe.empty` with the specified scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which is determined by a case statement.

#### Example
```js
var sources = {
    'foo': Rx.Observable.return(42),
    'bar': Rx.Observable.return(56)
};

var defaultSource = Rx.Observable.empty();

var source = Rx.Observable.case(
    function () {
        return 'foo';
    },
    sources,
    defaultSource);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

//=> Next: 42
//=> Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/case.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/case.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.expermental.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/case.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/case.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/case.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.case(selector, sources, [elseSource|scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/case.js "View in source")

Uses selector to determine which source in sources to use.  There is an alias 'switchCase' for browsers <IE9.

### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*: The function which extracts the value for to test in a case statement.
2. `sources` *(`Object`)*: An object which has keys which correspond to the case statement labels.
3. `[elseSource|scheduler]` *(`Observable` | `Scheduler`)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the sources are not matched. If this is not provided, it defaults to `Rx.Observabe.empty` with the specified scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which is determined by a case statement.

#### Example
```js
var sources = {
    'foo': Rx.Observable.return(42),
    'bar': Rx.Observable.return(56)
};

var defaultSource = Rx.Observable.empty();

var source = Rx.Observable.case(
    function () {
        return 'foo';
    },
    sources,
    defaultSource);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

//=> Next: 42
//=> Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/case.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/case.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.expermental.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/case.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/case.js)
