doc/api/core/operators/catchproto.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.catch(second | handler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L3107-L3112 "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated by an exception with the next observable sequence.

#### Arguments

Using another Observable:
- `second` *(`Observable`)*: A second observable sequence used to produce results when an error occurred in the first sequence.

Using a handler:
- `handler` *(`Function`)*: Exception handler function that returns an observable sequence given the error that occurred in the first sequence

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the first sequence's elements, followed by the elements of the handler sequence in case an exception occurred.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a second observable */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error()).catch(Rx.Observable.just(42));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* Using a handler function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new TimeoutError())
    .catch(function (e) {
      var returnValue;
      if (e instanceof TimeoutError) { return Rx.Observable.just(42); }
      return Rx.Observable.throw(e);
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/catchproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catchproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/catch.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/catchproto.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.catch(second | handler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js#L3107-L3112 "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated by an exception with the next observable sequence.

#### Arguments

Using another Observable:
- `second` *(`Observable`)*: A second observable sequence used to produce results when an error occurred in the first sequence.

Using a handler:
- `handler` *(`Function`)*: Exception handler function that returns an observable sequence given the error that occurred in the first sequence

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the first sequence's elements, followed by the elements of the handler sequence in case an exception occurred.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a second observable */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error()).catch(Rx.Observable.just(42));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* Using a handler function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new TimeoutError())
    .catch(function (e) {
      var returnValue;
      if (e instanceof TimeoutError) { return Rx.Observable.just(42); }
      return Rx.Observable.throw(e);
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/catchproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catchproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/catch.js)
