doc/api/core/operators/catch.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.catch(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated by an exception with the next observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(`Array` | `arguments`)*: Observable sequences to catch exceptions for.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing elements from consecutive source sequences until a source sequence terminates successfully.

#### Example
```js
var obs1 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error'));
var obs2 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = Rx.Observable.catch(obs1, obs2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/catch.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/catch.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.catch(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated by an exception with the next observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(`Array` | `arguments`)*: Observable sequences to catch exceptions for.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing elements from consecutive source sequences until a source sequence terminates successfully.

#### Example
```js
var obs1 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error'));
var obs2 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = Rx.Observable.catch(obs1, obs2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/catch.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/catch.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/catch.js)
