doc/api/core/operators/concatmapobserver.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.concatMapObserver(onNext, onError, onCompleted, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectConcatObserver(onNext, onError, onCompleted, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js "View in source")

Projects each notification of an observable sequence to an observable sequence and concats the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `onNext` *(`Function`)*:  A transform function to apply to each element. The selector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
2. `onError` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply when an error occurs in the source sequence.
3. `onCompleted` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply when the end of the source sequence is reached.
4. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the transform functions.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose elements are the result of invoking the one-to-many transform function corresponding to each notification in the input sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .concatMapObserver(
        function (x, i) {
            return Rx.Observable.repeat(x, i);
        },
        function (err) {
            return Rx.Observable.return(42);
        },
        function () {
            return Rx.Observable.empty();
        });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/concatmapobserver.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/concatmapobserver.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/concatmapobserver.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.concatMapObserver(onNext, onError, onCompleted, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectConcatObserver(onNext, onError, onCompleted, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js "View in source")

Projects each notification of an observable sequence to an observable sequence and concats the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `onNext` *(`Function`)*:  A transform function to apply to each element. The selector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
2. `onError` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply when an error occurs in the source sequence.
3. `onCompleted` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply when the end of the source sequence is reached.
4. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the transform functions.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose elements are the result of invoking the one-to-many transform function corresponding to each notification in the input sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .concatMapObserver(
        function (x, i) {
            return Rx.Observable.repeat(x, i);
        },
        function (err) {
            return Rx.Observable.return(42);
        },
        function () {
            return Rx.Observable.empty();
        });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/concatmapobserver.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/concatmapobserver.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/concatmapobserver.js)
