doc/api/core/operators/concat.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.concat(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js "View in source")

Concatenates all of the specified observable sequences, as long as the previous observable sequence terminated successfully.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(`Array` | `arguments`)*: Observable sequences or Promises to concatenate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements of each given sequence, in sequential order.

#### Example
```js
/* Using Observable sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.return(56);

var source = Rx.Observable.concat(source1, source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 56
// => Completed

/* Using Promises and Observable sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = RSVP.Promise.resolve(56);

var source = Rx.Observable.concat(source1, source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 56
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/concat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/concat.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/concat.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.concat(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js "View in source")

Concatenates all of the specified observable sequences, as long as the previous observable sequence terminated successfully.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(`Array` | `arguments`)*: Observable sequences or Promises to concatenate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements of each given sequence, in sequential order.

#### Example
```js
/* Using Observable sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.return(56);

var source = Rx.Observable.concat(source1, source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 56
// => Completed

/* Using Promises and Observable sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = RSVP.Promise.resolve(56);

var source = Rx.Observable.concat(source1, source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 56
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/concat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/concat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/concat.js)
