doc/api/core/operators/controlled.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.controlled([enableQueue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js "View in source")

Attaches a controller to the observable sequence with the ability to queue.

#### Arguments
1. `[enableQueue]` *(Boolean)*: Whether to enable queueing.  If not specified, defaults to true.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which can be used to request values from the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10).controlled();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

source.request(2);

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.backpressure.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.backpressure.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-BackPressure`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-BackPressure/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/controlled.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/controlled.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/controlled.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.controlled([enableQueue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js "View in source")

Attaches a controller to the observable sequence with the ability to queue.

#### Arguments
1. `[enableQueue]` *(Boolean)*: Whether to enable queueing.  If not specified, defaults to true.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which can be used to request values from the sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10).controlled();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

source.request(2);

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/controlled.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.backpressure.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.backpressure.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-BackPressure`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-BackPressure/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/controlled.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/controlled.js)
