doc/api/core/operators/create.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.create(subscribe)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/create.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence from a specified subscribe method implementation.  This is an alias for the `createWithDisposable` method

#### Arguments
1. `subscribe` *(`Function`)*: Implementation of the resulting observable sequence's subscribe method, optionally returning a function that will be wrapped in a disposable object.  This could also be a disposable object.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence with the specified implementation for the subscribe method.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    observer.onNext(42);
    observer.onCompleted();

    // Note that this is optional, you do not have to return this if you require no cleanup
    return function () {
        console.log('disposed');
    };
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

subscription.dispose();

// => disposed

/* Using a disposable */
var source = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    observer.onNext(42);
    observer.onCompleted();

    // Note that this is optional, you do not have to return this if you require no cleanup
    return Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
        console.log('disposed');
    });
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/create.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/create.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/create.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/create.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/create.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.create(subscribe)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/create.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence from a specified subscribe method implementation.  This is an alias for the `createWithDisposable` method

#### Arguments
1. `subscribe` *(`Function`)*: Implementation of the resulting observable sequence's subscribe method, optionally returning a function that will be wrapped in a disposable object.  This could also be a disposable object.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence with the specified implementation for the subscribe method.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    observer.onNext(42);
    observer.onCompleted();

    // Note that this is optional, you do not have to return this if you require no cleanup
    return function () {
        console.log('disposed');
    };
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

subscription.dispose();

// => disposed

/* Using a disposable */
var source = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    observer.onNext(42);
    observer.onCompleted();

    // Note that this is optional, you do not have to return this if you require no cleanup
    return Rx.Disposable.create(function () {
        console.log('disposed');
    });
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/create.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/create.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/create.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/create.js)
