doc/api/core/operators/defaultifempty.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.defaultIfEmpty([defaultValue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js "View in source")

Returns the elements of the specified sequence or the specified value in a singleton sequence if the sequence is empty.

#### Arguments
1. `[defaultValue=null]` *(`Any`)*: The value to return if the sequence is empty. If not provided, this defaults to null.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the specified default value if the source is empty; otherwise, the elements of the source itself.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.empty().defaultIfEmpty();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: null
// => Completed

/* With a defaultValue */
var source = Rx.Observable.empty().defaultIfEmpty(false);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: false
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/defaultifempty.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/defaultifempty.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/defaultifempty.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.defaultIfEmpty([defaultValue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js "View in source")

Returns the elements of the specified sequence or the specified value in a singleton sequence if the sequence is empty.

#### Arguments
1. `[defaultValue=null]` *(`Any`)*: The value to return if the sequence is empty. If not provided, this defaults to null.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the specified default value if the source is empty; otherwise, the elements of the source itself.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.empty().defaultIfEmpty();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: null
// => Completed

/* With a defaultValue */
var source = Rx.Observable.empty().defaultIfEmpty(false);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: false
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defaultifempty.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/defaultifempty.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/defaultifempty.js)
