doc/api/core/operators/defer.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.defer(observableFactory)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that invokes the specified factory function whenever a new observer subscribes.

#### Arguments
1. `observableFactory` *(`Function`)*: Observable factory function to invoke for each observer that subscribes to the resulting sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose observers trigger an invocation of the given observable factory function.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an observable sequence */
var source = Rx.Observable.defer(function () {
    return Rx.Observable.return(42);
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* Using a promise */
var source = Rx.Observable.defer(function () {
    return RSVP.Promise.resolve(42);
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/defer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/defer.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/defer.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.defer(observableFactory)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that invokes the specified factory function whenever a new observer subscribes.

#### Arguments
1. `observableFactory` *(`Function`)*: Observable factory function to invoke for each observer that subscribes to the resulting sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose observers trigger an invocation of the given observable factory function.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an observable sequence */
var source = Rx.Observable.defer(function () {
    return Rx.Observable.return(42);
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

/* Using a promise */
var source = Rx.Observable.defer(function () {
    return RSVP.Promise.resolve(42);
});

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/defer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/defer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/defer.js)
