doc/api/core/operators/delaysubscription.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delaySubscription(dueTime, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js "View in source")

Time shifts the observable sequence by delaying the subscription with the specified relative time duration, using the specified scheduler to run timers.

This operator is more efficient than `delay` but postpones all side-effects of subscription and affects error propagation timing.

The side-effects of subscribing to the source sequence will be run on the specified scheduler. Observer callbacks will not be affected.

#### Arguments
1. `dueTime` *(`Number | Date`)*: Relative (Number) or Absolute (Date) time shift of the subscription.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the subscription delay timer on. If not specified, the default scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Time-shifted sequence.

#### Example
```js
var start = Date.now()

var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delaySubscription(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s, %s', x, Date.now() - start);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

//=> Next: 0, 5001
//=> Next: 1, 5002
//=> Next: 2, 5003
//=> Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/delaysubscription.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/delaysubscription.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/delaysubscription.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delaySubscription(dueTime, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js "View in source")

Time shifts the observable sequence by delaying the subscription with the specified relative time duration, using the specified scheduler to run timers.

This operator is more efficient than `delay` but postpones all side-effects of subscription and affects error propagation timing.

The side-effects of subscribing to the source sequence will be run on the specified scheduler. Observer callbacks will not be affected.

#### Arguments
1. `dueTime` *(`Number | Date`)*: Relative (Number) or Absolute (Date) time shift of the subscription.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the subscription delay timer on. If not specified, the default scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Time-shifted sequence.

#### Example
```js
var start = Date.now()

var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delaySubscription(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s, %s', x, Date.now() - start);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

//=> Next: 0, 5001
//=> Next: 1, 5002
//=> Next: 2, 5003
//=> Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delaysubscription.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/delaysubscription.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/delaysubscription.js)
