doc/api/core/operators/delay.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delay(dueTime, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delay([subscriptionDelay], delayDurationSelector`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js "View in source")

Time shifts the observable sequence by dueTime. The relative time intervals between the values are preserved.

--OR--

Time shifts the observable sequence based on a subscription delay and a delay selector function for each element.

#### Arguments

For delays with an absolute or relative time:

1. `dueTime` *(Date | Number)*: Absolute (specified as a Date object) or relative time (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds) by which to shift the observable sequence.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the delay timers on. If not specified, the default scheduler is used.

For delays with a delay selector function:

1. `[subscriptionDelay]` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence indicating the delay for the subscription to the source.
2. `delayDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to retrieve a sequence indicating the delay for each given element.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Time-shifted sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an absolute time to delay by a second */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .delay(new Date(Date.now() + 1000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* Using an relative time to delay by a second */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .delay(1000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* With subscriptionDelay */
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delay(
    Rx.Observable.timer(300),
    function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x * 400); }
  )
  .timeInterval()
  .map(function (x) { return x.value + ':' + x.interval; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });


// => Next: 0:300
// => Next: 1:400
// => Next: 2:400
// => Completed

/* Without subscriptionDelay */
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delay(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x * 400); })
  .timeInterval()
  .map(function (x) { return x.value + ':' + x.interval; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:0
// => Next: 1:400
// => Next: 2:400
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).time.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/delay.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/delay.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/delay.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delay(dueTime, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.delay([subscriptionDelay], delayDurationSelector`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js "View in source")

Time shifts the observable sequence by dueTime. The relative time intervals between the values are preserved.

--OR--

Time shifts the observable sequence based on a subscription delay and a delay selector function for each element.

#### Arguments

For delays with an absolute or relative time:

1. `dueTime` *(Date | Number)*: Absolute (specified as a Date object) or relative time (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds) by which to shift the observable sequence.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the delay timers on. If not specified, the default scheduler is used.

For delays with a delay selector function:

1. `[subscriptionDelay]` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence indicating the delay for the subscription to the source.
2. `delayDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to retrieve a sequence indicating the delay for each given element.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Time-shifted sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an absolute time to delay by a second */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .delay(new Date(Date.now() + 1000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* Using an relative time to delay by a second */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .delay(1000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* With subscriptionDelay */
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delay(
    Rx.Observable.timer(300),
    function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x * 400); }
  )
  .timeInterval()
  .map(function (x) { return x.value + ':' + x.interval; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });


// => Next: 0:300
// => Next: 1:400
// => Next: 2:400
// => Completed

/* Without subscriptionDelay */
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(0, 3)
  .delay(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x * 400); })
  .timeInterval()
  .map(function (x) { return x.value + ':' + x.interval; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:0
// => Next: 1:400
// => Next: 2:400
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/delay.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).time.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/delay.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/delay.js)
