doc/api/core/operators/distinct.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.distinct([keySelector], [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that contains only distinct elements according to the keySelector and the comparer. Usage of this operator should be considered carefully due to the maintenance of an internal lookup structure which can grow large.

#### Arguments
1. `[keySelector]` *(`Function`)*: A function to compute the comparison key for each element.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*: Used to compare objects for equality. If not provided, defaults to an equality comparer function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence only containing the distinct elements, based on a computed key value, from the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* Without key selector */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(42, 24, 42, 24)
  .distinct();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 24
// => Completed

/* With key selector */
var source = Rx.Observable.of({value: 42}, {value: 24}, {value: 42}, {value: 24})
    .distinct(function (x) { return x.value; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: { value: 42 }
// => Next: { value: 24 }
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/distinct.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/distinct.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/distinct.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.distinct([keySelector], [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that contains only distinct elements according to the keySelector and the comparer. Usage of this operator should be considered carefully due to the maintenance of an internal lookup structure which can grow large.

#### Arguments
1. `[keySelector]` *(`Function`)*: A function to compute the comparison key for each element.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*: Used to compare objects for equality. If not provided, defaults to an equality comparer function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence only containing the distinct elements, based on a computed key value, from the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* Without key selector */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(42, 24, 42, 24)
  .distinct();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 24
// => Completed

/* With key selector */
var source = Rx.Observable.of({value: 42}, {value: 24}, {value: 42}, {value: 24})
    .distinct(function (x) { return x.value; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: { value: 42 }
// => Next: { value: 24 }
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/distinct.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/distinct.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/distinct.js)
