doc/api/core/operators/do.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.do([observer] | [onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.tap([observer] | [onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])` ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js "View in source")

Invokes an action for each element in the observable sequence and invokes an action upon graceful or exceptional termination of the observable sequence.

This method can be used for debugging, logging, etc. of query behavior by intercepting the message stream to run arbitrary actions for messages on the pipeline.

There is an alias to this method `doAction` for browsers <IE9 and `tap` as well.

#### Arguments
1. `[observer]` *(Observer)*: An observer to invoke for each element in the observable sequence.
1. `[onNext]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke for each element in the observable sequence.
2. `[onError]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence. Used if only the first parameter is also a function.
3. `[oncompleted]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon graceful termination of the observable sequence. Used if only the first parameter is also a function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .do(
    function (x)   { console.log('Do Next:', x); },
    function (err) { console.log('Do Error:', err); },
    function ()    { console.log('Do Completed'); }
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Next: 0
// => Next: 0
// => Do Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Do Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Do Completed
// => Completed

/* Using an observer */
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
  function (x) { console.log('Do Next: %s', x); },
  function (err) { console.log('Do Error: %s', err); },
  function () { console.log('Do Completed'); }
);

var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
    .do(observer);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Next: 0
// => Next: 0
// => Do Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Do Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Do Completed
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/do.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/do.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/do.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.do([observer] | [onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.tap([observer] | [onNext], [onError], [onCompleted])` ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js "View in source")

Invokes an action for each element in the observable sequence and invokes an action upon graceful or exceptional termination of the observable sequence.

This method can be used for debugging, logging, etc. of query behavior by intercepting the message stream to run arbitrary actions for messages on the pipeline.

There is an alias to this method `doAction` for browsers <IE9 and `tap` as well.

#### Arguments
1. `[observer]` *(Observer)*: An observer to invoke for each element in the observable sequence.
1. `[onNext]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke for each element in the observable sequence.
2. `[onError]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence. Used if only the first parameter is also a function.
3. `[oncompleted]` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon graceful termination of the observable sequence. Used if only the first parameter is also a function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .do(
    function (x)   { console.log('Do Next:', x); },
    function (err) { console.log('Do Error:', err); },
    function ()    { console.log('Do Completed'); }
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Next: 0
// => Next: 0
// => Do Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Do Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Do Completed
// => Completed

/* Using an observer */
var observer = Rx.Observer.create(
  function (x) { console.log('Do Next: %s', x); },
  function (err) { console.log('Do Error: %s', err); },
  function () { console.log('Do Completed'); }
);

var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
    .do(observer);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Next: 0
// => Next: 0
// => Do Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Do Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Do Completed
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/do.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/do.js)
