doc/api/core/operators/doonerror.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.doOnError(onError, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.tapOnError(onError, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js "View in source")

Invokes an action upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence.

This method can be used for debugging, logging, etc. of query behavior by intercepting the message stream to run arbitrary actions for messages on the pipeline.

#### Arguments
1. `onError` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence.
2. [`thisArg`] *(Any)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .doOnError(
    function (err) { console.log('Do Error: %s', err); }
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Error: Error
// => Error: Error

/* Using a thisArg */

var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .doOnError(
    function (err) { this.log('Do Error: %s', err); },
    console
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Error: Error
// => Error: Error
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/do.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/do.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/doonerror.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.doOnError(onError, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.tapOnError(onError, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js "View in source")

Invokes an action upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence.

This method can be used for debugging, logging, etc. of query behavior by intercepting the message stream to run arbitrary actions for messages on the pipeline.

#### Arguments
1. `onError` *(`Function`)*: Function to invoke upon exceptional termination of the observable sequence.
2. [`thisArg`] *(Any)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Using a function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .doOnError(
    function (err) { console.log('Do Error: %s', err); }
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Error: Error
// => Error: Error

/* Using a thisArg */

var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .doOnError(
    function (err) { this.log('Do Error: %s', err); },
    console
  );

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Do Error: Error
// => Error: Error
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/tap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/do.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/do.js)
