doc/api/core/operators/elementat.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.elementAt(index, [defaultValue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js "View in source")

Returns the element at a specified index in a sequence.  If the specified index is out of bounds and no default value was given `onError` will be called with an error, however, if a default value has been specified, that value will be returned via an `onNext` call.

#### Arguments
1. `index` *(`Number`)*: The zero-based index of the element to retrieve.
2. `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces the element at the specified position in the source sequence. If the specified index is out of bounds and no default value was given `onError` will be called with an error, however, if a default value has been specified, that value will be returned via an `onNext` call.

#### Example
```js
/* Finds an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,2,3,4])
    .elementAt(1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* With default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,2,3,4])
  .elementAt(4, 42);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/elementat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/elementat.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/elementat.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.elementAt(index, [defaultValue])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js "View in source")

Returns the element at a specified index in a sequence.  If the specified index is out of bounds and no default value was given `onError` will be called with an error, however, if a default value has been specified, that value will be returned via an `onNext` call.

#### Arguments
1. `index` *(`Number`)*: The zero-based index of the element to retrieve.
2. `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces the element at the specified position in the source sequence. If the specified index is out of bounds and no default value was given `onError` will be called with an error, however, if a default value has been specified, that value will be returned via an `onNext` call.

#### Example
```js
/* Finds an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,2,3,4])
    .elementAt(1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 2
// => Completed

/* With default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,2,3,4])
  .elementAt(4, 42);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/elementat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/elementat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/elementat.js)
