doc/api/core/operators/every.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.every(predicate, [thisArg])` ##
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/every.js "View in source")

Determines whether all elements of an observable sequence satisfy a condition.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each element for a condition.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Function`)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether all elements in the source sequence pass the test in the specified predicate.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4,5)
  .every(function (x) {
    return x < 6;
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/every.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/every.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/every.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/every.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/every.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.every(predicate, [thisArg])` ##
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/every.js "View in source")

Determines whether all elements of an observable sequence satisfy a condition.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each element for a condition.
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Function`)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether all elements in the source sequence pass the test in the specified predicate.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4,5)
  .every(function (x) {
    return x < 6;
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/every.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/every.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/every.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/every.js)
