doc/api/core/operators/expand.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.expand(selector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js "View in source")

Expands an observable sequence by recursively invoking selector.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to invoke for each produced element, resulting in another sequence to which the selector will be invoked recursively again.
2. [`scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate`] *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to perform the expansion. If not provided, this defaults to the immediate scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether all elements in the source sequence pass the test in the specified predicate.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42)
    .expand(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.return(42 + x); })
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 84
// => Next: 126
// => Next: 168
// => Next: 210
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/expand.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/expand.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/expand.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.expand(selector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js "View in source")

Expands an observable sequence by recursively invoking selector.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to invoke for each produced element, resulting in another sequence to which the selector will be invoked recursively again.
2. [`scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate`] *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to perform the expansion. If not provided, this defaults to the immediate scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether all elements in the source sequence pass the test in the specified predicate.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42)
    .expand(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.return(42 + x); })
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 84
// => Next: 126
// => Next: 168
// => Next: 210
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/expand.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/expand.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/expand.js)
