doc/api/core/operators/finally.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.finally(action)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js "View in source")

Invokes a specified action after the source observable sequence terminates gracefully or exceptionally.  There is an alias called `finallyAction` for browsers <IE9

#### Arguments
1. `action` *(`Function`)*: A function to invoke after the source observable sequence terminates.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Terminated by error still fires function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .finally(function () { console.log('Finally'); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error
// => Finally
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/finally.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/finally.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/finally.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.finally(action)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js "View in source")

Invokes a specified action after the source observable sequence terminates gracefully or exceptionally.  There is an alias called `finallyAction` for browsers <IE9

#### Arguments
1. `action` *(`Function`)*: A function to invoke after the source observable sequence terminates.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence with the side-effecting behavior applied.

#### Example
```js
/* Terminated by error still fires function */
var source = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error())
  .finally(function () { console.log('Finally'); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Error: Error
// => Finally
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/finally.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/finally.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/finally.js)
