doc/api/core/operators/findindex.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.findIndex(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js "View in source")

Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the first occurrence within the entire Observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each source element for a condition;  The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence with the first element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, if found; otherwise, undefined.

#### Example
```js
/* Found an element */
var array = [1,2,3,4];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(array)
  .findIndex(function (x, i, obs) { return x === 1; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Completed

/* Not found */
var array = [1,2,3,4];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(array)
  .findIndex(function (x, i, obs) { return x === 5; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: -1
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/findindex.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/findindex.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/findindex.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.findIndex(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js "View in source")

Searches for an element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, and returns the first occurrence within the entire Observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each source element for a condition;  The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence with the first element that matches the conditions defined by the specified predicate, if found; otherwise, undefined.

#### Example
```js
/* Found an element */
var array = [1,2,3,4];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(array)
  .findIndex(function (x, i, obs) { return x === 1; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Completed

/* Not found */
var array = [1,2,3,4];

var source = Rx.Observable.from(array)
  .findIndex(function (x, i, obs) { return x === 5; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: -1
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/findindex.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/findindex.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/findindex.js)
