doc/api/core/operators/first.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.first([predicate], [thisArg], [defaultValue])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.first([settings])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/first.js "View in source")

Returns the first element of an observable sequence that satisfies the condition in the predicate, or a default value if no such element exists.  If no default value is given, then `onError` will be called.

#### Arguments

`Rx.Observable.prototype.first([predicate], [thisArg], [defaultValue])`

1. `[predicate]` *(`Function`)*: A predicate function to evaluate for elements in the source sequence. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.
3. `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

`Rx.Observable.prototype.first([settings])`
1. `[settings]` *(`Object`)*: An object with the following fields
    - `[predicate]` *(`Function`)*: A predicate function to evaluate for elements in the source sequence. The callback is called with the following information:
        1. the value of the element
        2. the index of the element
        3. the Observable object being subscribed
    - `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.
    - `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains elements from the input sequence that satisfy the condition.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a predicate */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10).first();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Completed

/* With a predicate */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .first(function (x, idx, obs) { return x % 2 === 1; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Completed

/* With a default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .first({
    predicate: function (x, idx, obs) { return x > 10; },
    defaultValue: 42
  });


var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/first.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/first.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/first.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/first.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/first.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.first([predicate], [thisArg], [defaultValue])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.first([settings])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/first.js "View in source")

Returns the first element of an observable sequence that satisfies the condition in the predicate, or a default value if no such element exists.  If no default value is given, then `onError` will be called.

#### Arguments

`Rx.Observable.prototype.first([predicate], [thisArg], [defaultValue])`

1. `[predicate]` *(`Function`)*: A predicate function to evaluate for elements in the source sequence. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.
3. `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

`Rx.Observable.prototype.first([settings])`
1. `[settings]` *(`Object`)*: An object with the following fields
    - `[predicate]` *(`Function`)*: A predicate function to evaluate for elements in the source sequence. The callback is called with the following information:
        1. the value of the element
        2. the index of the element
        3. the Observable object being subscribed
    - `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.
    - `[defaultValue]` *(`Any`)*: Default value if no such element exists.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains elements from the input sequence that satisfy the condition.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a predicate */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10).first();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Completed

/* With a predicate */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .first(function (x, idx, obs) { return x % 2 === 1; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Completed

/* With a default value */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .first({
    predicate: function (x, idx, obs) { return x > 10; },
    defaultValue: 42
  });


var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/first.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/first.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/first.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/first.js)
