doc/api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMapFirst(selector, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectSwitchFirst(selector, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js "View in source")

Transform the items emitted by an Observable into Observables, and mirror those items emitted by the most-recently transformed Observable.

The `flatMapFirst` operator is similar to the `flatMap` and `concatMap` methods described above, however, rather than emitting all of the items emitted by all of the Observables that the operator generates by transforming items from the source `Observable`, `flatMapFirst` instead propagates the first `Observable` exclusively until it completes before it begins subscribes to the next `Observable`.  Observables that come before the current `Observable` completes will be dropped and will not propagate.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*:  A transform function to apply to each source element.  The callback has the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence that is the result of concatenating non-overlapping items emitted by an Observable of Observables.

#### Example
```js
//Generate an event every 100 milliseconds
var source = Rx.Observable.generateWithRelativeTime(
   0,
   function(x) {return x < 5; },
   function(x) {return x + 1; },
   function(x) {return x; },
   function(x) {return 100; })
  .flatMapFirst(function(value) {
    //Observable takes 150 milliseconds to complete
    return Rx.Observable.timer(150).map(value);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %d', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// Next: 0
// Next: 2
// Next: 4
// Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental/)

Unit Tests:
- None

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMapFirst(selector, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectSwitchFirst(selector, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js "View in source")

Transform the items emitted by an Observable into Observables, and mirror those items emitted by the most-recently transformed Observable.

The `flatMapFirst` operator is similar to the `flatMap` and `concatMap` methods described above, however, rather than emitting all of the items emitted by all of the Observables that the operator generates by transforming items from the source `Observable`, `flatMapFirst` instead propagates the first `Observable` exclusively until it completes before it begins subscribes to the next `Observable`.  Observables that come before the current `Observable` completes will be dropped and will not propagate.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function`)*:  A transform function to apply to each source element.  The callback has the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence that is the result of concatenating non-overlapping items emitted by an Observable of Observables.

#### Example
```js
//Generate an event every 100 milliseconds
var source = Rx.Observable.generateWithRelativeTime(
   0,
   function(x) {return x < 5; },
   function(x) {return x + 1; },
   function(x) {return x; },
   function(x) {return 100; })
  .flatMapFirst(function(value) {
    //Observable takes 150 milliseconds to complete
    return Rx.Observable.timer(150).map(value);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %d', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// Next: 0
// Next: 2
// Next: 4
// Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmapfirst.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental/)

Unit Tests:
- None
