doc/api/core/operators/forkjoinproto.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.forkJoin(...args, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js "View in source")

Runs all observable sequences in parallel and collect their last elements.

#### Arguments
1. `args`: `Arguments` | `Array` - An array or arguments of Observable sequences or Promises to collect the last elements for.
2. `resultSelector`: `Function` - The result selector from all the values produced. If not specified, `forkJoin` will return the results as an array.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with an array collecting the last elements of all the input sequences or the result of the result selector if specified.

#### Example
```js
// With a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.just(42).forkJoin(
  Rx.Observable.range(0, 3),
  function (s1, s2) { return s1 + s2; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 44
// => Completed

// Without a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.just(42).forkJoin(
  Rx.Observable.range(0, 3));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: [42, 2]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/forkjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/forkjoin.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/forkjoinproto.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.forkJoin(...args, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js "View in source")

Runs all observable sequences in parallel and collect their last elements.

#### Arguments
1. `args`: `Arguments` | `Array` - An array or arguments of Observable sequences or Promises to collect the last elements for.
2. `resultSelector`: `Function` - The result selector from all the values produced. If not specified, `forkJoin` will return the results as an array.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with an array collecting the last elements of all the input sequences or the result of the result selector if specified.

#### Example
```js
// With a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.just(42).forkJoin(
  Rx.Observable.range(0, 3),
  function (s1, s2) { return s1 + s2; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 44
// => Completed

// Without a selector
var source = Rx.Observable.just(42).forkJoin(
  Rx.Observable.range(0, 3));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: [42, 2]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/forkjoinproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/forkjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/forkjoin.js)
