doc/api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(addHandler, [removeHandler], [selector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence by using the addHandler and removeHandler functions to add and remove the handlers, with an optional selector function to project the event arguments.

#### Arguments
1. `addHandler` *(`Function`)*: The DOMElement, NodeList or EventEmitter to attach a listener.
2. `[removeHandler]` *(`Function`)*: The optional function to remove a handler from an emitter.
3. `[selector]` *(`Function`)*: A selector which takes the arguments from the event handler to produce a single item to yield on next.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of events from the specified element and the specified event.

#### Example

Wrapping an event from [jQuery](http://jquery.com)

```js
var input = $('#input');

var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
  function add (h) {
    input.bind('click', h);
  },
  function remove (h) {
    input.unbind('click', h);
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: Clicked!');
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

input.trigger('click');

// => Next: Clicked!
```

Wrapping an event from the [Dojo Toolkit](http://dojotoolkit.org)

```js
require(['dojo/on', 'dojo/dom', 'rx', 'rx.async', 'rx.binding'], function (on, dom, rx) {

  var input = dom.byId('input');

  var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
    function add (h) {
      return on(input, 'click', h);
    },
    function remove (_, signal) {
      signal.remove();
    }
  );

  var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
      console.log('Next: Clicked!');
    },
    function (err) {
      console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
      console.log('Completed');
    });

  on.emit(input, 'click');
  // => Next: Clicked!
});
```

Using in Node.js with using an `EventEmitter`.

```js
var EventEmitter = require('events').EventEmitter,
    Rx = require('rx');

var e = new EventEmitter();

// Wrap EventEmitter
var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
  function add (h) {
    e.addListener('data', h);
  },
  function remove (h) {
    e.removeListener('data', h);
  },
  function (foo, bar) {
    return foo + ',' + bar;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (result) {
    console.log('Next: %s', result);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

e.emit('data', 'foo', 'bar');
// => Next: foo,bar
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using rx.async.js | rx.async.compat.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).lite.js | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/fromeventpattern.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/fromeventpattern.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(addHandler, [removeHandler], [selector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence by using the addHandler and removeHandler functions to add and remove the handlers, with an optional selector function to project the event arguments.

#### Arguments
1. `addHandler` *(`Function`)*: The DOMElement, NodeList or EventEmitter to attach a listener.
2. `[removeHandler]` *(`Function`)*: The optional function to remove a handler from an emitter.
3. `[selector]` *(`Function`)*: A selector which takes the arguments from the event handler to produce a single item to yield on next.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of events from the specified element and the specified event.

#### Example

Wrapping an event from [jQuery](http://jquery.com)

```js
var input = $('#input');

var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
  function add (h) {
    input.bind('click', h);
  },
  function remove (h) {
    input.unbind('click', h);
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: Clicked!');
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

input.trigger('click');

// => Next: Clicked!
```

Wrapping an event from the [Dojo Toolkit](http://dojotoolkit.org)

```js
require(['dojo/on', 'dojo/dom', 'rx', 'rx.async', 'rx.binding'], function (on, dom, rx) {

  var input = dom.byId('input');

  var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
    function add (h) {
      return on(input, 'click', h);
    },
    function remove (_, signal) {
      signal.remove();
    }
  );

  var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
      console.log('Next: Clicked!');
    },
    function (err) {
      console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
      console.log('Completed');
    });

  on.emit(input, 'click');
  // => Next: Clicked!
});
```

Using in Node.js with using an `EventEmitter`.

```js
var EventEmitter = require('events').EventEmitter,
    Rx = require('rx');

var e = new EventEmitter();

// Wrap EventEmitter
var source = Rx.Observable.fromEventPattern(
  function add (h) {
    e.addListener('data', h);
  },
  function remove (h) {
    e.removeListener('data', h);
  },
  function (foo, bar) {
    return foo + ',' + bar;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (result) {
    console.log('Next: %s', result);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

e.emit('data', 'foo', 'bar');
// => Next: foo,bar
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/fromeventpattern.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using rx.async.js | rx.async.compat.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).lite.js | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/fromeventpattern.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/fromeventpattern.js)
