doc/api/core/operators/from.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.from(iterable, [mapFn], [thisArg], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/from.js 'View in source')

This method creates a new Observable sequence from an array-like or iterable object.

#### Arguments
1. `iterable` *(`Array` | `Arguments` | `Iterable`)*: An array-like or iterable object to convert to an Observable sequence.
2. `[mapFn]` *(`Function`)*: Map function to call on every element of the array.
3. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: The context to use calling the mapFn if provided.
4. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the enumeration of the input sequence on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence whose elements are pulled from the given iterable sequence.

#### Example
```js
// Array-like object (arguments) to Observable
function f() {
  return Rx.Observable.from(arguments);
}

f(1, 2, 3).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

// Any iterable object...
// Set
var s = new Set(['foo', window]);
Rx.Observable.from(s).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: foo
// => Next: window
// => Completed

// Map
var m = new Map([[1, 2], [2, 4], [4, 8]]);
Rx.Observable.from(m).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: [1, 2]
// => Next: [2, 4]
// => Next: [4, 8]
// => Completed

// String
Rx.Observable.from('foo').subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: f
// => Next: o
// => Next: o
// => Completed

// Using an arrow function as the map function to
// manipulate the elements
Rx.Observable.from([1, 2, 3], function (x) { return x + x; }).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 6
// => Completed

// Generate a sequence of numbers
Rx.Observable.from({length: 5}, function(v, k) { return k; }).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/from.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/from.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/from.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/from.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/from.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.from(iterable, [mapFn], [thisArg], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/from.js 'View in source')

This method creates a new Observable sequence from an array-like or iterable object.

#### Arguments
1. `iterable` *(`Array` | `Arguments` | `Iterable`)*: An array-like or iterable object to convert to an Observable sequence.
2. `[mapFn]` *(`Function`)*: Map function to call on every element of the array.
3. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: The context to use calling the mapFn if provided.
4. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the enumeration of the input sequence on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence whose elements are pulled from the given iterable sequence.

#### Example
```js
// Array-like object (arguments) to Observable
function f() {
  return Rx.Observable.from(arguments);
}

f(1, 2, 3).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

// Any iterable object...
// Set
var s = new Set(['foo', window]);
Rx.Observable.from(s).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: foo
// => Next: window
// => Completed

// Map
var m = new Map([[1, 2], [2, 4], [4, 8]]);
Rx.Observable.from(m).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: [1, 2]
// => Next: [2, 4]
// => Next: [4, 8]
// => Completed

// String
Rx.Observable.from('foo').subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: f
// => Next: o
// => Next: o
// => Completed

// Using an arrow function as the map function to
// manipulate the elements
Rx.Observable.from([1, 2, 3], function (x) { return x + x; }).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 6
// => Completed

// Generate a sequence of numbers
Rx.Observable.from({length: 5}, function(v, k) { return k; }).subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/from.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/from.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/from.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/from.js)
