doc/api/core/operators/generate.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.generate(initialState, condition, iterate, resultSelector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence in a manner similar to a for loop, using an optional scheduler to enumerate the values.

#### Arguments
1. `initialState` *(`Any`)*: Initial state.
2. `condition` *(`Function`)*: Condition to terminate generation (upon returning false).
3. `iterate` *(`Function`)*: Iteration step function.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function for results produced in the sequence.
5. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to run the generator loop. If not provided, defaults to Scheduler.currentThread.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.generate(
    0,
    function (x) { return x < 3; },
    function (x) { return x + 1; },
    function (x) { return x; }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/generate.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/generate.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/generate.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.generate(initialState, condition, iterate, resultSelector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence in a manner similar to a for loop, using an optional scheduler to enumerate the values.

#### Arguments
1. `initialState` *(`Any`)*: Initial state.
2. `condition` *(`Function`)*: Condition to terminate generation (upon returning false).
3. `iterate` *(`Function`)*: Iteration step function.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function for results produced in the sequence.
5. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to run the generator loop. If not provided, defaults to Scheduler.currentThread.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.generate(
    0,
    function (x) { return x < 3; },
    function (x) { return x + 1; },
    function (x) { return x; }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generate.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/generate.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/generate.js)
