doc/api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.generateWithAbsoluteTime(initialState, condition, iterate, resultSelector, timeSelector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence by iterating a state from an initial state until the condition fails.

#### Arguments
1. `initialState` *(`Any`)*: Initial state.
2. `condition` *(`Function`)*: Condition to terminate generation (upon returning false).
3. `iterate` *(`Function`)*: Iteration step function.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function for results produced in the sequence.
5. `timeSelector` *(`Function`)*: Time selector function to control the speed of values being produced each iteration, returning Date values.
6. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to run the generator loop. If not provided, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
// Generate a value with an absolute time with an offset of 100ms multipled by value
var source = Rx.Observable.generate(
    1,
    function (x) { return x < 4; },
    function (x) { return x + 1; },
    function (x) { return x; },
    function (x) { return Date.now() + (100 * x); }
).timeInterval();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: {value: 1, interval: 100}
// => Next: {value: 2, interval: 200}
// => Next: {value: 3, interval: 300}
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js)

Dist:
- [rx.time.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Time`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/RxJS-Time)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.generateWithAbsoluteTime(initialState, condition, iterate, resultSelector, timeSelector, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence by iterating a state from an initial state until the condition fails.

#### Arguments
1. `initialState` *(`Any`)*: Initial state.
2. `condition` *(`Function`)*: Condition to terminate generation (upon returning false).
3. `iterate` *(`Function`)*: Iteration step function.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Function`)*: Selector function for results produced in the sequence.
5. `timeSelector` *(`Function`)*: Time selector function to control the speed of values being produced each iteration, returning Date values.
6. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler on which to run the generator loop. If not provided, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
// Generate a value with an absolute time with an offset of 100ms multipled by value
var source = Rx.Observable.generate(
    1,
    function (x) { return x < 4; },
    function (x) { return x + 1; },
    function (x) { return x; },
    function (x) { return Date.now() + (100 * x); }
).timeInterval();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: {value: 1, interval: 100}
// => Next: {value: 2, interval: 200}
// => Next: {value: 3, interval: 300}
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js)

Dist:
- [rx.time.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Time`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/RxJS-Time)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/generatewithabsolutetime.js)
