doc/api/core/operators/groupbyuntil.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.groupByUntil(keySelector, [elementSelector], durationSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js "View in source")

Groups the elements of an observable sequence according to a specified key selector function and comparer and selects the resulting elements by using a specified function.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to extract the key for each element.
2. `[elementSelector]` *(`Function`)*: A function to map each source element to an element in an observable group.
3. `durationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to signal the expiration of a group.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: A sequence of observable groups, each of which corresponds to a unique key value, containing all elements that share that same key value.

If a group's lifetime expires, a new group with the same key value can be created once an element with such a key value is encountered.

#### Example
```js
var codes = [
    { keyCode: 38}, // up
    { keyCode: 38}, // up
    { keyCode: 40}, // down
    { keyCode: 40}, // down
    { keyCode: 37}, // left
    { keyCode: 39}, // right
    { keyCode: 37}, // left
    { keyCode: 39}, // right
    { keyCode: 66}, // b
    { keyCode: 65}  // a
];

var source = Rx.Observable
    .for(codes, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.return(x).delay(1000); })
    .groupByUntil(
        function (x) { return x.keyCode; },
        function (x) { return x.keyCode; },
        function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(2000); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (obs) {
        // Print the count
        obs.count().subscribe(function (x) { console.log('Count: ' + x); });
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Count: 2
// => Count: 2
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/groupbyuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/groupbyuntil.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/groupbyuntil.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.groupByUntil(keySelector, [elementSelector], durationSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js "View in source")

Groups the elements of an observable sequence according to a specified key selector function and comparer and selects the resulting elements by using a specified function.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to extract the key for each element.
2. `[elementSelector]` *(`Function`)*: A function to map each source element to an element in an observable group.
3. `durationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to signal the expiration of a group.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: A sequence of observable groups, each of which corresponds to a unique key value, containing all elements that share that same key value.

If a group's lifetime expires, a new group with the same key value can be created once an element with such a key value is encountered.

#### Example
```js
var codes = [
    { keyCode: 38}, // up
    { keyCode: 38}, // up
    { keyCode: 40}, // down
    { keyCode: 40}, // down
    { keyCode: 37}, // left
    { keyCode: 39}, // right
    { keyCode: 37}, // left
    { keyCode: 39}, // right
    { keyCode: 66}, // b
    { keyCode: 65}  // a
];

var source = Rx.Observable
    .for(codes, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.return(x).delay(1000); })
    .groupByUntil(
        function (x) { return x.keyCode; },
        function (x) { return x.keyCode; },
        function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(2000); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (obs) {
        // Print the count
        obs.count().subscribe(function (x) { console.log('Count: ' + x); });
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Count: 2
// => Count: 2
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Count: 1
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupbyuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/groupbyuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/groupbyuntil.js)
