doc/api/core/operators/groupjoin.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.groupJoin(right, leftDurationSelector, rightDurationSelector, resultSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js "View in source")

Correlates the elements of two sequences based on overlapping durations, and groups the results.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: The right observable sequence to join elements for.
2. `leftDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the left observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
3. `rightDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the right observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Any`)*: A function invoked to compute a result element for any element of the left sequence with overlapping elements from the right observable sequence. It has the following arguments
    1. *(`Any`)* An element of the left sequence.
    2. *(`Observable`)* An observable sequence with elements from the right sequence that overlap with the left sequence's element.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains result elements computed from source elements that have an overlapping duration.

#### Example
```js
var xs = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'first' + x; });

var ys = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'second' + x; });

var source = xs.groupJoin(
    ys,
    function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
    function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
    function (x, yy) {
        return yy.select(function (y) {
            return x + y;
        })
    }).mergeAll().take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first0second0
// => Next: first1second1
// => Next: first2second2
// => Next: first3second3
// => Next: first4second4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/groupjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/groupjoin.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/groupjoin.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.groupJoin(right, leftDurationSelector, rightDurationSelector, resultSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js "View in source")

Correlates the elements of two sequences based on overlapping durations, and groups the results.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: The right observable sequence to join elements for.
2. `leftDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the left observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
3. `rightDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the right observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Any`)*: A function invoked to compute a result element for any element of the left sequence with overlapping elements from the right observable sequence. It has the following arguments
    1. *(`Any`)* An element of the left sequence.
    2. *(`Observable`)* An observable sequence with elements from the right sequence that overlap with the left sequence's element.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains result elements computed from source elements that have an overlapping duration.

#### Example
```js
var xs = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'first' + x; });

var ys = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'second' + x; });

var source = xs.groupJoin(
    ys,
    function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
    function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
    function (x, yy) {
        return yy.select(function (y) {
            return x + y;
        })
    }).mergeAll().take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first0second0
// => Next: first1second1
// => Next: first2second2
// => Next: first3second3
// => Next: first4second4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/groupjoin.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/groupjoin.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/groupjoin.js)
