doc/api/core/operators/if.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.if(condition, thenSource, [elseSource])`
### `Rx.Observable.ifThen(condition, thenSource, [elseSource])` *DEPRECATED*
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/if.js "View in source")

Determines whether an observable collection contains values. There is an alias for this method called `ifThen` for browsers <IE9

#### Arguments
1. `condition` *(`Function`)*: The condition which determines if the thenSource or elseSource will be run.
2. `thenSource` *(`Observable`)*: thenSource The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns true.
3. `[elseSource]` *(Observable|Scheduler)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns false. If this is not provided, it defaults to Rx.Observabe.Empty with the specified scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
// This uses and only then source
var shouldRun = true;

var source = Rx.Observable.if(
    function () { return shouldRun; },
    Rx.Observable.return(42)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

// The next example uses an elseSource
var shouldRun = false;

var source = Rx.Observable.if(
    function () { return shouldRun; },
    Rx.Observable.return(42),
    Rx.Observable.return(56)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 56
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/if.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/if.js)

Dist:
- [rx.all.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [rx.experimental.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.experimental.js` - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/if.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/if.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/if.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.if(condition, thenSource, [elseSource])`
### `Rx.Observable.ifThen(condition, thenSource, [elseSource])` *DEPRECATED*
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/if.js "View in source")

Determines whether an observable collection contains values. There is an alias for this method called `ifThen` for browsers <IE9

#### Arguments
1. `condition` *(`Function`)*: The condition which determines if the thenSource or elseSource will be run.
2. `thenSource` *(`Observable`)*: thenSource The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns true.
3. `[elseSource]` *(Observable|Scheduler)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns false. If this is not provided, it defaults to Rx.Observabe.Empty with the specified scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The generated sequence.

#### Example
```js
// This uses and only then source
var shouldRun = true;

var source = Rx.Observable.if(
    function () { return shouldRun; },
    Rx.Observable.return(42)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

// The next example uses an elseSource
var shouldRun = false;

var source = Rx.Observable.if(
    function () { return shouldRun; },
    Rx.Observable.return(42),
    Rx.Observable.return(56)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 56
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/if.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/if.js)

Dist:
- [rx.all.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [rx.experimental.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.experimental.js` - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/if.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/if.js)
