doc/api/core/operators/includes.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.includes(searchElement, [fromIndex])` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.contains(searchElement, [fromIndex])` **DEPRECATED** ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js "View in source")

Determines whether an observable sequence includes a specified element with an optional from index.

#### Arguments
1. `searchElement` *(`Any`)*: The value to locate in the source sequence.
2. `[fromIndex]` *(`Number`)*: The index to start the search.  If not specified, defaults to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether the source sequence includes an element that has the specified value with an optional from index.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(42)
  .includes(42);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed

/* With an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3)
  .includes(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/includes.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/includes.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/includes.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.includes(searchElement, [fromIndex])` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.contains(searchElement, [fromIndex])` **DEPRECATED** ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js "View in source")

Determines whether an observable sequence includes a specified element with an optional from index.

#### Arguments
1. `searchElement` *(`Any`)*: The value to locate in the source sequence.
2. `[fromIndex]` *(`Number`)*: The index to start the search.  If not specified, defaults to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element determining whether the source sequence includes an element that has the specified value with an optional from index.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(42)
  .includes(42);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed

/* With an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3)
  .includes(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/includes.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/includes.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/includes.js)
