doc/api/core/operators/join.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.join(right, leftDurationSelector, rightDurationSelector, resultSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/join.js "View in source")

Correlates the elements of two sequences based on overlapping durations.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: The right observable sequence to join elements for.
2. `leftDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the left observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
3. `rightDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the right observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Any`)*: A function invoked to compute a result element for any two overlapping elements of the left and right observable sequences. The parameters are as follows:
    1. *(`Any`)* Element from the left source for which the overlap occurs.
    2. *(`Any`)* Element from the right source for which the overlap occurs.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains result elements computed from source elements that have an overlapping duration.

#### Example
```js
var xs = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'first' + x; });

var ys = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'second' + x; });

var source = xs
    .join(
        ys,
        function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
        function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
        function (x, y) { return x + y; }
    )
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first0second0
// => Next: first1second1
// => Next: first2second2
// => Next: first3second3
// => Next: first4second4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/join.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/join.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/join.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/join.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/join.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.join(right, leftDurationSelector, rightDurationSelector, resultSelector)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/join.js "View in source")

Correlates the elements of two sequences based on overlapping durations.

#### Arguments
1. `right` *(`Observable`)*: The right observable sequence to join elements for.
2. `leftDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the left observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
3. `rightDurationSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function to select the duration (expressed as an observable sequence) of each element of the right observable sequence, used to determine overlap.
4. `resultSelector` *(`Any`)*: A function invoked to compute a result element for any two overlapping elements of the left and right observable sequences. The parameters are as follows:
    1. *(`Any`)* Element from the left source for which the overlap occurs.
    2. *(`Any`)* Element from the right source for which the overlap occurs.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains result elements computed from source elements that have an overlapping duration.

#### Example
```js
var xs = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'first' + x; });

var ys = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'second' + x; });

var source = xs
    .join(
        ys,
        function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
        function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(0); },
        function (x, y) { return x + y; }
    )
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: first0second0
// => Next: first1second1
// => Next: first2second2
// => Next: first3second3
// => Next: first4second4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/join.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/join.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/join.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/join.js)
