doc/api/core/operators/jortsortuntil.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.jortSortUntil(other)` [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js "View in source")

The `jortSort` method checks if your inputs are sorted until another Observable sequence fires.

See [http://jort.technology/](http://jort.technology/) for full details.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable`)*: The Observable sequence which will cause the termination of the sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*:  An observable which has a single value of `true` if sorted, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var just = Rx.helpers.just;

// Sorted
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4)
  .flatMap(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.timer(1000).map(just(x));
  })
  .jortSortUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(3000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('Next: %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('Error: %s', e); },
  function ( ) { console.log('Completed'); }
);
// => Next: true
// => Completed

// Non sorted
var source = Rx.Observable.of(3,1,2,4)
  .flatMap(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.timer(1000).map(just(x));
  })
  .jortSortUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(3000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('Next: %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('Error: %s', e); },
  function ( ) { console.log('Completed'); }
);
// => Next: false
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.sorting.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.sorting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/jortsortuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/jortsortuntil.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/jortsortuntil.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.jortSortUntil(other)` [&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js "View in source")

The `jortSort` method checks if your inputs are sorted until another Observable sequence fires.

See [http://jort.technology/](http://jort.technology/) for full details.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable`)*: The Observable sequence which will cause the termination of the sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*:  An observable which has a single value of `true` if sorted, else `false`.

#### Example
```js
var just = Rx.helpers.just;

// Sorted
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4)
  .flatMap(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.timer(1000).map(just(x));
  })
  .jortSortUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(3000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('Next: %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('Error: %s', e); },
  function ( ) { console.log('Completed'); }
);
// => Next: true
// => Completed

// Non sorted
var source = Rx.Observable.of(3,1,2,4)
  .flatMap(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.timer(1000).map(just(x));
  })
  .jortSortUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(3000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('Next: %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('Error: %s', e); },
  function ( ) { console.log('Completed'); }
);
// => Next: false
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/jortsortuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.sorting.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.sorting.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/jortsortuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/jortsortuntil.js)
