doc/api/core/operators/lastindexof.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.lastIndexOf(searchElement, [fromIndex])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js "View in source")

Returns the last index at which a given element can be found in the observable sequence, or -1 if it is not present.

#### Arguments
1. `searchElement` *(`Any`)*: The value to locate in the source sequence.
2. `[fromIndex]` *(`Number`)*: The index to start the search.  If not specified, defaults to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: And observable sequence containing the last index at which a given element can be found in the observable sequence, or -1 if it is not present.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .lastIndexOf(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 5
// => Completed

/* With an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .lastIndexOf(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 5
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/lastindexof.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/lastindexof.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/lastindexof.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.lastIndexOf(searchElement, [fromIndex])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js "View in source")

Returns the last index at which a given element can be found in the observable sequence, or -1 if it is not present.

#### Arguments
1. `searchElement` *(`Any`)*: The value to locate in the source sequence.
2. `[fromIndex]` *(`Number`)*: The index to start the search.  If not specified, defaults to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: And observable sequence containing the last index at which a given element can be found in the observable sequence, or -1 if it is not present.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .lastIndexOf(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 5
// => Completed

/* With an index */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .lastIndexOf(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 5
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/lastindexof.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/lastindexof.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/lastindexof.js)
