doc/api/core/operators/let.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.let(func)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/let.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that is the result of invoking the selector on the source sequence, without sharing subscriptions.

This operator allows for a fluent style of writing queries that use the same sequence multiple times.  There is an alias of `letBind` for browsers older than IE 9.

#### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Selector function which can use the source sequence as many times as needed, without sharing subscriptions to the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements of a sequence produced by multicasting the source sequence within a selector function.

#### Example
```js
var obs = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3);

var source = obs.let(function (o) { return o.concat(o); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/let.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/let.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/let.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/let.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/let.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.let(func)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/let.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that is the result of invoking the selector on the source sequence, without sharing subscriptions.

This operator allows for a fluent style of writing queries that use the same sequence multiple times.  There is an alias of `letBind` for browsers older than IE 9.

#### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Selector function which can use the source sequence as many times as needed, without sharing subscriptions to the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements of a sequence produced by multicasting the source sequence within a selector function.

#### Example
```js
var obs = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3);

var source = obs.let(function (o) { return o.concat(o); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/let.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/let.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/let.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/let.js)
