doc/api/core/operators/maxby.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.maxBy(keySelector, [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js "View in source")

Returns the maximum value in an observable sequence according to the specified comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: Key selector function.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*:  Comparer used to compare elements.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a list of zero or more elements that have a maximum key value.

#### Example
```js
/* Without comparer */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,3,5,7,9,2,4,6,8,9])
    .maxBy(function (x) { return x; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 9,9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/maxby.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/maxby.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/maxby.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.maxBy(keySelector, [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js "View in source")

Returns the maximum value in an observable sequence according to the specified comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: Key selector function.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*:  Comparer used to compare elements.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a list of zero or more elements that have a maximum key value.

#### Example
```js
/* Without comparer */
var source = Rx.Observable.from([1,3,5,7,9,2,4,6,8,9])
    .maxBy(function (x) { return x; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 9,9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/maxby.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/maxby.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/maxby.js)
