doc/api/core/operators/mergeproto.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.merge(maxConcurrent | other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js "View in source")

Merges an observable sequence of observable sequences into an observable sequence, limiting the number of concurrent subscriptions to inner sequences.
Or merges two observable sequences into a single observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `maxConcurrent` *(`Number`)*: Maximum number of inner observable sequences being subscribed to concurrently.
1. `other` *(`Observable`)*:  The second observable sequence to merge into the first.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that merges the elements of the inner sequences.

#### Example
```js
/* Merge two sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'First: ' + x; });

var source2 = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
    .map(function (x) { return 'Second: ' + x; });

var source = source1
    .merge(source2)
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: Second: 0
// => Next: First: 0
// => Next: Second: 1
// => Next: Second: 2
// => Next: First: 1
// => Completed

/* Use max concurrency */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
    .map(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.range(x, 3); })
    .merge(1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergeconcat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergeconcat.js)

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/mergeproto.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.merge(maxConcurrent | other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js "View in source")

Merges an observable sequence of observable sequences into an observable sequence, limiting the number of concurrent subscriptions to inner sequences.
Or merges two observable sequences into a single observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `maxConcurrent` *(`Number`)*: Maximum number of inner observable sequences being subscribed to concurrently.
1. `other` *(`Observable`)*:  The second observable sequence to merge into the first.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that merges the elements of the inner sequences.

#### Example
```js
/* Merge two sequences */
var source1 = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .map(function (x) { return 'First: ' + x; });

var source2 = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
    .map(function (x) { return 'Second: ' + x; });

var source = source1
    .merge(source2)
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: Second: 0
// => Next: First: 0
// => Next: Second: 1
// => Next: Second: 2
// => Next: First: 1
// => Completed

/* Use max concurrency */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
    .map(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.range(x, 3); })
    .merge(1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeconcat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergeconcat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergeconcat.js)

* * *
