doc/api/core/operators/mergeall.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.mergeAll()` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.mergeObservable()` **DEPRECATED** ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeall.js "View in source")

Merges an observable sequence of observable sequences into an observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that merges the elements of the inner sequences.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .map(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.range(x, 3); })
  .mergeAll();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/modular/observable/mergeall.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/modular/observable/mergeall.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergeall.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergeall.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/mergeall.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.mergeAll()` ###
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.mergeObservable()` **DEPRECATED** ###
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/mergeall.js "View in source")

Merges an observable sequence of observable sequences into an observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that merges the elements of the inner sequences.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3)
  .map(function (x) { return Rx.Observable.range(x, 3); })
  .mergeAll();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/modular/observable/mergeall.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/modular/observable/mergeall.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergeall.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergeall.js)
