doc/api/core/operators/mergedelayerror.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.mergeDelayError(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js "View in source")

Flattens an Observable that emits Observables into one Observable, in a way that allows an Observer to
receive all successfully emitted items from all of the source Observables without being interrupted by
an error notification from one of them.

This behaves like `Observable.prototype.mergeAll` except that if any of the merged Observables notify of an
error via the Observer's `onError`, `mergeDelayError` will refrain from propagating that
error notification until all of the merged Observables have finished emitting items.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Arguments or an array of Observable sequences to merge.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable that emits all of the items emitted by the Observables emitted by the Observable

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.throwError(new Error('woops'));
var source3 = Rx.Observable.of(4,5,6);

var source = Rx.Observable.mergeDelayError(source1, source2, source3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => 1
// => 2
// => 3
// => 4
// => 5
// => 6
// => Error: Error: woops
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergedelayerror.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergedelayerror.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/mergedelayerror.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.mergeDelayError(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js "View in source")

Flattens an Observable that emits Observables into one Observable, in a way that allows an Observer to
receive all successfully emitted items from all of the source Observables without being interrupted by
an error notification from one of them.

This behaves like `Observable.prototype.mergeAll` except that if any of the merged Observables notify of an
error via the Observer's `onError`, `mergeDelayError` will refrain from propagating that
error notification until all of the merged Observables have finished emitting items.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Arguments or an array of Observable sequences to merge.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable that emits all of the items emitted by the Observables emitted by the Observable

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.throwError(new Error('woops'));
var source3 = Rx.Observable.of(4,5,6);

var source = Rx.Observable.mergeDelayError(source1, source2, source3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => 1
// => 2
// => 3
// => 4
// => 5
// => 6
// => Error: Error: woops
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/mergedelayerror.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/mergedelayerror.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/mergedelayerror.js)
