doc/api/core/operators/merge.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.merge([scheduler], ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js "View in source")

Merges all the observable sequences and Promises into a single observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(Scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, Rx.Scheduler.immediate is used.
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sequences to merge into a single sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces a value after each period.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval');
var source2 = Rx.Observable.interval(150)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval');

var source = Rx.Observable.merge(
    source1,
    source2)
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 100
// => Next: 150
// => Next: 100
// => Next: 150
// => Next: 100
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/merge.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/merge.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/merge.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.merge([scheduler], ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js "View in source")

Merges all the observable sequences and Promises into a single observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(Scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, Rx.Scheduler.immediate is used.
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sequences to merge into a single sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces a value after each period.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval');
var source2 = Rx.Observable.interval(150)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval');

var source = Rx.Observable.merge(
    source1,
    source2)
    .take(5);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 100
// => Next: 150
// => Next: 100
// => Next: 150
// => Next: 100
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/merge.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/merge.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/merge.js)
