doc/api/core/operators/observeon.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.observeOn(scheduler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js "View in source")

Wraps the source sequence in order to run its observer callbacks on the specified scheduler.

This only invokes observer callbacks on a scheduler. In case the subscription and/or unsubscription actions have side-effects that require to be run on a scheduler, use subscribeOn.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(`Scheduler`)*:  Scheduler to notify observers on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence whose observations happen on the specified scheduler.

#### Example
```js
/* Change from immediate scheduler to timeout */
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42, Rx.Scheduler.immediate)
    .observeOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/observeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/observeon.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/observeon.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.observeOn(scheduler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js "View in source")

Wraps the source sequence in order to run its observer callbacks on the specified scheduler.

This only invokes observer callbacks on a scheduler. In case the subscription and/or unsubscription actions have side-effects that require to be run on a scheduler, use subscribeOn.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(`Scheduler`)*:  Scheduler to notify observers on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence whose observations happen on the specified scheduler.

#### Example
```js
/* Change from immediate scheduler to timeout */
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42, Rx.Scheduler.immediate)
    .observeOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/observeon.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/observeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/observeon.js)
