doc/api/core/operators/ofwithscheduler.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.ofWithScheduler([scheduler], ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/of.js "View in source")

Converts arguments to an observable sequence, using an optional scheduler to enumerate the arguments.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(Scheduler)*: An optional scheduler used to enumerate the arguments.
2. `args` *(Arguments)*: A list of arguments to turn into an Observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence whose elements are pulled from the given arguments.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.ofWithScheduler(Rx.Scheduler.timeout, 1,2,3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/of.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/of.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/of.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/of.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/ofwithscheduler.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.ofWithScheduler([scheduler], ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/of.js "View in source")

Converts arguments to an observable sequence, using an optional scheduler to enumerate the arguments.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(Scheduler)*: An optional scheduler used to enumerate the arguments.
2. `args` *(Arguments)*: A list of arguments to turn into an Observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence whose elements are pulled from the given arguments.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.ofWithScheduler(Rx.Scheduler.timeout, 1,2,3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/of.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/of.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/of.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/of.js)
