doc/api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.onErrorResumeNext(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated normally or by an exception with the next observable sequence or Promise.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sequences to concatenate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that concatenates the source sequences, even if a sequence terminates exceptionally.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error 1'));
var source2 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error 2'));
var source3 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = Rx.Observable.onErrorResumeNext(source1, source2, source3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/onerrorresumenext.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/onerrorresumenext.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.onErrorResumeNext(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js "View in source")

Continues an observable sequence that is terminated normally or by an exception with the next observable sequence or Promise.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sequences to concatenate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that concatenates the source sequences, even if a sequence terminates exceptionally.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error 1'));
var source2 = Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error 2'));
var source3 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = Rx.Observable.onErrorResumeNext(source1, source2, source3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/onerrorresumenext.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/onerrorresumenext.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/onerrorresumenext.js)
