doc/api/core/operators/pairs.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.pairs(obj, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js "View in source")

Convert an object into an observable sequence of [key, value] pairs using an optional `Scheduler` to enumerate the object.

#### Arguments
1. `obj` *(Object)*: The object to inspect and turn into an Observable sequence.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the enumeration of the input sequence on. If not specified, defaults to `Rx.Scheduler.currentThread`

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of [key, value] pairs from the object.

#### Example
```js
// Using Standard JavaScript
var obj = {
  foo: 42,
  bar: 56,
  baz: 78
};

var source = Rx.Observable.pairs(obj);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: ['foo', 42]
// => Next: ['bar', 56]
// => Next: ['baz', 78]
// => Completed
  ```

ES6 makes for an even nicer experience such as:
```es6
let obj = {
  foo: 42,
  bar: 56,
  baz: 78
};

let source = Rx.Observable.pairs(obj);

let subscription = source.subscribe(
  x => {
    var [key, value] = x;
    console.log('Key:', key, 'Value:', value);
  },
  err => {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  => () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Key: 'foo' Value: 42
// => Key: 'bar' Value: 56
// => Key: 'baz' Value: 78
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pairs.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pairs.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/pairs.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.pairs(obj, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js "View in source")

Convert an object into an observable sequence of [key, value] pairs using an optional `Scheduler` to enumerate the object.

#### Arguments
1. `obj` *(Object)*: The object to inspect and turn into an Observable sequence.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the enumeration of the input sequence on. If not specified, defaults to `Rx.Scheduler.currentThread`

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of [key, value] pairs from the object.

#### Example
```js
// Using Standard JavaScript
var obj = {
  foo: 42,
  bar: 56,
  baz: 78
};

var source = Rx.Observable.pairs(obj);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: ['foo', 42]
// => Next: ['bar', 56]
// => Next: ['baz', 78]
// => Completed
  ```

ES6 makes for an even nicer experience such as:
```es6
let obj = {
  foo: 42,
  bar: 56,
  baz: 78
};

let source = Rx.Observable.pairs(obj);

let subscription = source.subscribe(
  x => {
    var [key, value] = x;
    console.log('Key:', key, 'Value:', value);
  },
  err => {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  => () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Key: 'foo' Value: 42
// => Key: 'bar' Value: 56
// => Key: 'baz' Value: 78
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/pairs.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Complete`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Complete)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pairs.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pairs.js)
