doc/api/core/operators/partition.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.partition(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js "View in source")

Returns two observables which partition the observations of the source by the given function.  The first will trigger observations for those values for which the predicate returns true. The second will trigger observations for those values where the predicate returns false. The predicate is executed once for each subscribed observer. Both also propagate all error observations arising from the source and each completes when the source completes.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to invoke for each produced element, resulting in another sequence to which the selector will be invoked recursively again. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Array`)*:  An array of observables. The first triggers when the predicate returns true, and the second triggers when the predicate returns false.

#### Example

An example using ES6 syntax:
```es6
let [evens, odds] = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .partition(x => x % 2 === 0);

let subscription1 = evens.subscribe(
  x  => console.log('Evens: %s', x),
  e  => console.log('Error: %s', e),
  () => console.log('Completed')
);

// => Evens: 0
// => Evens: 2
// => Evens: 4
// => Evens: 6
// => Evens: 8
// => Completed

let subscription2 = odds.subscribe(
  x  => console.log('Odds: %s', x),
  e  => console.log('Error: %s', e),
  () => console.log('Completed')
);

// => Odds: 1
// => Odds: 3
// => Odds: 5
// => Odds: 7
// => Odds: 9
// => Completed
```

#### Example

```html
<div id="dom-event-source"></div>
<div id="dom-event-output">
    <div class="left"><p></p></div>
    <div class="right"><p></p></div>
</div>
```

```js
var sourceElement = document.getElementById("dom-event-source");
var elements = ["#dom-event-output .left p", "#dom-event-output .right p"].map(document.querySelector.bind(document));
var elementRect = sourceElement.getBoundingClientRect();

var observers = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(sourceElement, 'mousemove')
.map(e => ({
      x: Math.floor(e.clientX - elementRect.left), 
      y: Math.floor(e.clientY - elementRect.top)
    })
).partition(pos => pos.x < sourceElement.clientWidth / 2);

elements.forEach((n, i, a) => 
                 observers[i].subscribe(displayCoordinates.bind(displayCoordinates, n)));

function displayCoordinates(element, pos) {
  element.textContent = `(x: ${pos.x}, y: ${pos.y})`;
}
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/partition.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/partition.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/partition.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.partition(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js "View in source")

Returns two observables which partition the observations of the source by the given function.  The first will trigger observations for those values for which the predicate returns true. The second will trigger observations for those values where the predicate returns false. The predicate is executed once for each subscribed observer. Both also propagate all error observations arising from the source and each completes when the source completes.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: Selector function to invoke for each produced element, resulting in another sequence to which the selector will be invoked recursively again. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Array`)*:  An array of observables. The first triggers when the predicate returns true, and the second triggers when the predicate returns false.

#### Example

An example using ES6 syntax:
```es6
let [evens, odds] = Rx.Observable.range(0, 10)
  .partition(x => x % 2 === 0);

let subscription1 = evens.subscribe(
  x  => console.log('Evens: %s', x),
  e  => console.log('Error: %s', e),
  () => console.log('Completed')
);

// => Evens: 0
// => Evens: 2
// => Evens: 4
// => Evens: 6
// => Evens: 8
// => Completed

let subscription2 = odds.subscribe(
  x  => console.log('Odds: %s', x),
  e  => console.log('Error: %s', e),
  () => console.log('Completed')
);

// => Odds: 1
// => Odds: 3
// => Odds: 5
// => Odds: 7
// => Odds: 9
// => Completed
```

#### Example

```html
<div id="dom-event-source"></div>
<div id="dom-event-output">
    <div class="left"><p></p></div>
    <div class="right"><p></p></div>
</div>
```

```js
var sourceElement = document.getElementById("dom-event-source");
var elements = ["#dom-event-output .left p", "#dom-event-output .right p"].map(document.querySelector.bind(document));
var elementRect = sourceElement.getBoundingClientRect();

var observers = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(sourceElement, 'mousemove')
.map(e => ({
      x: Math.floor(e.clientX - elementRect.left), 
      y: Math.floor(e.clientY - elementRect.top)
    })
).partition(pos => pos.x < sourceElement.clientWidth / 2);

elements.forEach((n, i, a) => 
                 observers[i].subscribe(displayCoordinates.bind(displayCoordinates, n)));

function displayCoordinates(element, pos) {
  element.textContent = `(x: ${pos.x}, y: ${pos.y})`;
}
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/partition.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/partition.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/partition.js)
