doc/api/core/operators/pausablebuffered.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.pausableBuffered(pauser)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js "View in source")

Pauses the underlying observable sequence based upon the observable sequence which yields true/false, and yields the values that were buffered while paused. Note that this only works on hot observables.

#### Arguments
1. `pauser` *(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence used to pause the underlying sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence which is paused based upon the pauser.

#### Example
```js
var pauser = new Rx.Subject();
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000).pausableBuffered(pauser);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// To begin the flow
pauser.onNext(true); // or source.resume();

// To pause the flow at any point
pauser.onNext(false); // or source.pause();

// Resume the flow which empties the queue from when you last paused
pauser.onNext(true); // or source.resume();
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [rx.backpressure.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.backpressure.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.backpressure.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-BackPressure`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-BackPressure/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pausablebuffered.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pausablebuffered.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/pausablebuffered.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.pausableBuffered(pauser)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js "View in source")

Pauses the underlying observable sequence based upon the observable sequence which yields true/false, and yields the values that were buffered while paused. Note that this only works on hot observables.

#### Arguments
1. `pauser` *(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence used to pause the underlying sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence which is paused based upon the pauser.

#### Example
```js
var pauser = new Rx.Subject();
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000).pausableBuffered(pauser);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x.toString());
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// To begin the flow
pauser.onNext(true); // or source.resume();

// To pause the flow at any point
pauser.onNext(false); // or source.pause();

// Resume the flow which empties the queue from when you last paused
pauser.onNext(true); // or source.resume();
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/backpressure/pausablebuffered.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [rx.backpressure.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.backpressure.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.backpressure.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-BackPressure`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-BackPressure/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pausablebuffered.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pausablebuffered.js)
