doc/api/core/operators/pluck.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.pluck(property)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js#L10 "View in source")

Returns an Observable containing the value of a specified nested property from
all elements in the Observable sequence. If a property can't be resolved, it
will return `undefined` for that value.

#### Arguments
1. `property` *(`String`)*: The property or properties to pluck. `pluck`
   accepts an unlimited number of nested property parameters.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Returns a new Observable sequence of property values.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
    .from([
        { value: 0 },
        { value: 1 },
        { value: 2 }
    ])
    .pluck('value');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

// Using nested properties:

var source = Rx.Observable
    .from([
        { valueA: { valueB: { valueC: 0 }}},
        { valueA: { valueB: { valueC: 1 }}},
        { valueA: { valueB: 2 }},
    ])
    .pluck('valueA', 'valueB', 'valueC');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: undefined
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pluck.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pluck.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/pluck.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.pluck(property)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js#L10 "View in source")

Returns an Observable containing the value of a specified nested property from
all elements in the Observable sequence. If a property can't be resolved, it
will return `undefined` for that value.

#### Arguments
1. `property` *(`String`)*: The property or properties to pluck. `pluck`
   accepts an unlimited number of nested property parameters.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Returns a new Observable sequence of property values.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
    .from([
        { value: 0 },
        { value: 1 },
        { value: 2 }
    ])
    .pluck('value');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed

// Using nested properties:

var source = Rx.Observable
    .from([
        { valueA: { valueB: { valueC: 0 }}},
        { valueA: { valueB: { valueC: 1 }}},
        { valueA: { valueB: 2 }},
    ])
    .pluck('valueA', 'valueB', 'valueC');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: undefined
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/pluck.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/pluck.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/pluck.js)
