doc/api/core/operators/range.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.range(start, count, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/range.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence of integral numbers within a specified range, using the specified scheduler to send out observer messages.

### Arguments
1. `start` *(`Number`)*: The value of the first integer in the sequence.
2. `count` *(`Number`)*: The number of sequential integers to generate.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the generator loop on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.currentThread.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains a range of sequential integral numbers.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/range.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/range.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/range.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/range.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/range.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.range(start, count, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/range.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence of integral numbers within a specified range, using the specified scheduler to send out observer messages.

### Arguments
1. `start` *(`Number`)*: The value of the first integer in the sequence.
2. `count` *(`Number`)*: The number of sequential integers to generate.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the generator loop on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.currentThread.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains a range of sequential integral numbers.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/range.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/range.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/range.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/range.js)
