doc/api/core/operators/reduce.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.reduce(accumulator, [seed])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js "View in source")

Applies an accumulator function over an observable sequence, returning the result of the aggregation as a single element in the result sequence. The specified seed value is used as the initial accumulator value.

For aggregation behavior with incremental intermediate results, see the [`scan`](scan.md) method.

#### Arguments
1. `accumulator` *(`Function`)*:  An accumulator function to be invoked on each element with the following arguments:
    1. `acc`: `Any` - the accumulated value.
    2. `currentValue`: `Any` - the current value
    3. `index`: `Number` - the current index
    4. `source`: `Observable` - the current observable instance
2. `[seed]` *(`Any`)*: The initial accumulator value.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with the final accumulator value.

#### Example
```js
/* With a seed */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
  .reduce(function (acc, x, idx, source) {
    return acc * x;
  }, 1)

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 6
// => Completed

/* Without a seed */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
  .reduce(function (acc, x, idx, source) {
    return acc * x;
  })

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 6
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/reduce.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/reduce.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/reduce.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.reduce(accumulator, [seed])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js "View in source")

Applies an accumulator function over an observable sequence, returning the result of the aggregation as a single element in the result sequence. The specified seed value is used as the initial accumulator value.

For aggregation behavior with incremental intermediate results, see the [`scan`](scan.md) method.

#### Arguments
1. `accumulator` *(`Function`)*:  An accumulator function to be invoked on each element with the following arguments:
    1. `acc`: `Any` - the accumulated value.
    2. `currentValue`: `Any` - the current value
    3. `index`: `Number` - the current index
    4. `source`: `Observable` - the current observable instance
2. `[seed]` *(`Any`)*: The initial accumulator value.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with the final accumulator value.

#### Example
```js
/* With a seed */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
  .reduce(function (acc, x, idx, source) {
    return acc * x;
  }, 1)

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 6
// => Completed

/* Without a seed */
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
  .reduce(function (acc, x, idx, source) {
    return acc * x;
  })

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 6
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/reduce.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/reduce.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/reduce.js)
