doc/api/core/operators/refcount.md, before:

### `ConnectableObservable.prototype.refCount()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/connectableobservable.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that stays connected to the source as long as there is at least one subscription to the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that stays connected to the source as long as there is at least one subscription to the observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
var interval = Rx.Observable.interval(1000);

var source = interval
    .take(2)
    .doAction(function (x) {
        console.log('Side effect');
    });

var published = source.publish().refCount();

published.subscribe(createObserver('SourceA'));
published.subscribe(createObserver('SourceB'));

function createObserver(tag) {
    return Rx.Observer.create(
        function (x) {
            console.log('Next: ' + tag + x);
        },
        function (err) {
            console.log('Error: ' + err);
        },
        function () {
            console.log('Completed');
        });
}

// => Side effect
// => Next: SourceA0
// => Next: SourceB0
// => Side effect
// => Next: SourceA1
// => Next: SourceB1
// => Completed
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/connectableobservable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/connectableobservable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.binding.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/connectableobservable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/connectableobservable.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/refcount.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `ConnectableObservable.prototype.refCount()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/connectableobservable.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that stays connected to the source as long as there is at least one subscription to the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that stays connected to the source as long as there is at least one subscription to the observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
var interval = Rx.Observable.interval(1000);

var source = interval
    .take(2)
    .doAction(function (x) {
        console.log('Side effect');
    });

var published = source.publish().refCount();

published.subscribe(createObserver('SourceA'));
published.subscribe(createObserver('SourceB'));

function createObserver(tag) {
    return Rx.Observer.create(
        function (x) {
            console.log('Next: ' + tag + x);
        },
        function (err) {
            console.log('Error: ' + err);
        },
        function () {
            console.log('Completed');
        });
}

// => Side effect
// => Next: SourceA0
// => Next: SourceB0
// => Side effect
// => Next: SourceA1
// => Next: SourceB1
// => Completed
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/connectableobservable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/connectableobservable.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.binding.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Binding`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Binding/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/connectableobservable.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/connectableobservable.js)
