doc/api/core/operators/repeatproto.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.repeat(repeatCount)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js "View in source")

Repeats the observable sequence a specified number of times. If the repeat count is not specified, the sequence repeats indefinitely.

#### Arguments
1. `repeatCount` *(`Number`)*:  Number of times to repeat the sequence. If not provided, repeats the sequence indefinitely.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence producing the elements of the given sequence repeatedly.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .repeat(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/repeat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/repeat.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/repeatproto.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.repeat(repeatCount)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js "View in source")

Repeats the observable sequence a specified number of times. If the repeat count is not specified, the sequence repeats indefinitely.

#### Arguments
1. `repeatCount` *(`Number`)*:  Number of times to repeat the sequence. If not provided, repeats the sequence indefinitely.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence producing the elements of the given sequence repeatedly.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .repeat(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/repeatproto.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/repeat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/repeat.js)
