doc/api/core/operators/repeat.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.repeat(value, [repeatCount], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence that repeats the given element the specified number of times, using the specified scheduler to send out observer messages.

### Arguments
1. `value` *(`Any`)*: Element to repeat.
2. `[repeatCount=-1]` *(`Number`)*:Number of times to repeat the element. If not specified, repeats indefinitely.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the producer loop on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.immediate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that repeats the given element the specified number of times.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.repeat(42, 3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

//=> Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/repeat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/repeat.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/repeat.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.repeat(value, [repeatCount], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js "View in source")

Generates an observable sequence that repeats the given element the specified number of times, using the specified scheduler to send out observer messages.

### Arguments
1. `value` *(`Any`)*: Element to repeat.
2. `[repeatCount=-1]` *(`Number`)*:Number of times to repeat the element. If not specified, repeats indefinitely.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the producer loop on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.immediate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that repeats the given element the specified number of times.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.repeat(42, 3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

//=> Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/repeat.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/repeat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/repeat.js)
