doc/api/core/operators/retrywhen.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.retryWhen(notifier)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js "View in source")

Repeats the source observable sequence on error when the notifier emits a next value. If the source observable errors and the notifier completes, it will complete the source sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `notificationHandler` *(`Function`)*: A handler that is passed an observable sequence of errors raised by the source observable and returns
an observable that either continues, completes or errors. This behavior is then applied to the source observable.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence producing the elements of the given sequence repeatedly until it terminates successfully or is notified to error or complete.

#### Example: Delayed retry
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.delay(200);
    })
    .take(6);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// 200 ms pass
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// 200 ms pass
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Completed
```

#### Example: Erroring an observable after 2 failures
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.scan(function(errorCount, err) {
            if(errorCount >= 2) {
                throw err;
            }
            return errorCount + 1;
        }, 0);
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Error: 'ex'
```

#### Example: Completing an observable after 2 failures
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.scan(function(errorCount, err) {
            return errorCount + 1;
        }, 0).takeWhile(function(errorCount) {
            return errorCount < 2;
        });
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Completed
```

#### Example: An incremental back-off strategy for handling errors
```js
Rx.Observable.create(function (o) {
    console.log("subscribing");
    o.onError(new Error("always fails"));
  }).retryWhen(function (attempts) {
      return Rx.Observable.range(1, 3).zip(attempts, function (i) { return i; }).flatMap(function (i) {
        console.log("delay retry by " + i + " second(s)");
        return Rx.Observable.timer(i * 1000);
      });
  }).subscribe();
  
/*
subscribing
delay retry by 1 second(s)
subscribing
delay retry by 2 second(s)
subscribing
delay retry by 3 second(s)
subscribing
*/
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/retrywhen.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/retrywhen.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/retrywhen.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.retryWhen(notifier)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js "View in source")

Repeats the source observable sequence on error when the notifier emits a next value. If the source observable errors and the notifier completes, it will complete the source sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `notificationHandler` *(`Function`)*: A handler that is passed an observable sequence of errors raised by the source observable and returns
an observable that either continues, completes or errors. This behavior is then applied to the source observable.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence producing the elements of the given sequence repeatedly until it terminates successfully or is notified to error or complete.

#### Example: Delayed retry
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.delay(200);
    })
    .take(6);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// 200 ms pass
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// 200 ms pass
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Completed
```

#### Example: Erroring an observable after 2 failures
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.scan(function(errorCount, err) {
            if(errorCount >= 2) {
                throw err;
            }
            return errorCount + 1;
        }, 0);
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Error: 'ex'
```

#### Example: Completing an observable after 2 failures
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .map(function(n) {
        if(n === 2) {
            throw 'ex';
        }
        return n;
    })
    .retryWhen(function(errors) {
        return errors.scan(function(errorCount, err) {
            return errorCount + 1;
        }, 0).takeWhile(function(errorCount) {
            return errorCount < 2;
        });
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Completed
```

#### Example: An incremental back-off strategy for handling errors
```js
Rx.Observable.create(function (o) {
    console.log("subscribing");
    o.onError(new Error("always fails"));
  }).retryWhen(function (attempts) {
      return Rx.Observable.range(1, 3).zip(attempts, function (i) { return i; }).flatMap(function (i) {
        console.log("delay retry by " + i + " second(s)");
        return Rx.Observable.timer(i * 1000);
      });
  }).subscribe();
  
/*
subscribing
delay retry by 1 second(s)
subscribing
delay retry by 2 second(s)
subscribing
delay retry by 3 second(s)
subscribing
*/
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/retrywhen.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/retrywhen.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/retrywhen.js)
