doc/api/core/operators/sample.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.sample(interval | sampleObservable)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js "View in source")

Samples the observable sequence at each interval.

#### Arguments
1. `[interval]` *(`Number`)*: Interval at which to sample (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds)
2. `[sampleObservable]` *(`Observable`)*: Sampler Observable.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the sampling timer on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Sampled observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* With an interval time */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .sample(5000)
    .take(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed

/* With a sampler */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .sample(Rx.Observable.interval(5000))
    .take(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/sample.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/sample.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/sample.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.sample(interval | sampleObservable)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js "View in source")

Samples the observable sequence at each interval.

#### Arguments
1. `[interval]` *(`Number`)*: Interval at which to sample (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds)
2. `[sampleObservable]` *(`Observable`)*: Sampler Observable.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the sampling timer on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Sampled observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
/* With an interval time */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .sample(5000)
    .take(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed

/* With a sampler */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(1000)
    .sample(Rx.Observable.interval(5000))
    .take(2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sample.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/sample.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/sample.js)
