doc/api/core/operators/selectmany.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMap(selector, [resultSelector])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectMany(selector, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js "View in source")


Aliases:
`Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMap`
and
`Rx.Observable.prototype.selectMany`
are equivalent.

One of the following:

Projects each element of an observable sequence to an observable sequence and merges the resulting observable sequences or Promises or array/iterable into one observable sequence.

```js
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Rx.Observable.range(0, x); });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Promise.resolve(x + 1); });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return [x, i]; });
```

Projects each element of an observable sequence or Promise to an observable sequence, invokes the result selector for the source element and each of the corresponding inner sequence's elements, and merges the results into one observable sequence.

```js
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Rx.Observable.range(0, x); }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Promise.resolve(x + i); }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return [x, i]; }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
```

Projects each element of the source observable sequence to the other observable sequence or Promise, or array/iterable and merges the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence.

 ```js
source.selectMany(Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3));
source.selectMany(Promise.resolve(42));
source.selectMany([1,2,3]);
 ```

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function` | `Iterable` | `Promise`)*:  An Object to project to the sequence or a transform function to apply to each element or an observable sequence to project each element from the source sequence onto.  The selector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed

2. `[resultSelector]` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply to each element of the intermediate sequence.  The resultSelector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the outer element
    2. the value of the inner element
    3. the index of the outer element
    4. the index of the inner element

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose elements are the result of invoking the one-to-many transform function collectionSelector on each element of the input sequence and then mapping each of those sequence elements and their corresponding source element to a result element.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(1, 2)
  .selectMany(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.range(x, 2);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

/* Using a promise */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4)
  .selectMany(function (x, i) {
    return Promise.resolve(x + i);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 5
// => Next: 7
// => Completed

/* Using an array */
Rx.Observable.of(2, 3, 5).selectMany(
  function(x) {
    // Return x^2, x^3 and x^4
    return [
      x * x,
      x * x * x,
      x * x * x * x
    ];
  },

  function(outer, inner, outerIndex, innerIndex) {
    return { outer : outer, inner : inner, outerIdx : outerIndex, innerIdx : innerIndex };
  }
).subscribe(
  function(next) {
    console.log(
      'Outer: ' + next.outer + ', Inner: ' + next.inner +
      ', InnerIndex: ' + next.innerIdx + ', OuterIndex: ' + next.outerIdx
    );
  },

  function() {
    console.log('Completed');
  }
);

//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 4, InnerIndex : 0, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 8, InnerIndex : 1, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 16, InnerIndex : 2, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 9, InnerIndex : 0, OuterIndex : 1
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 27, InnerIndex : 1, OuterIndex : 1
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 81, InnerIndex : 2, OuterIndex : 1
//...etc
//=> Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/selectmany.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/selectmany.js)

* * *

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/selectmany.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMap(selector, [resultSelector])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.selectMany(selector, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js "View in source")


Aliases:
`Rx.Observable.prototype.flatMap`
and
`Rx.Observable.prototype.selectMany`
are equivalent.

One of the following:

Projects each element of an observable sequence to an observable sequence and merges the resulting observable sequences or Promises or array/iterable into one observable sequence.

```js
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Rx.Observable.range(0, x); });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Promise.resolve(x + 1); });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return [x, i]; });
```

Projects each element of an observable sequence or Promise to an observable sequence, invokes the result selector for the source element and each of the corresponding inner sequence's elements, and merges the results into one observable sequence.

```js
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Rx.Observable.range(0, x); }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return Promise.resolve(x + i); }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
source.selectMany(function (x, i) { return [x, i]; }, function (x, y, ix, iy) { return x + y + ix + iy; });
```

Projects each element of the source observable sequence to the other observable sequence or Promise, or array/iterable and merges the resulting observable sequences into one observable sequence.

 ```js
source.selectMany(Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3));
source.selectMany(Promise.resolve(42));
source.selectMany([1,2,3]);
 ```

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function` | `Iterable` | `Promise`)*:  An Object to project to the sequence or a transform function to apply to each element or an observable sequence to project each element from the source sequence onto.  The selector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed

2. `[resultSelector]` *(`Function`)*: A transform function to apply to each element of the intermediate sequence.  The resultSelector is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the outer element
    2. the value of the inner element
    3. the index of the outer element
    4. the index of the inner element

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence whose elements are the result of invoking the one-to-many transform function collectionSelector on each element of the input sequence and then mapping each of those sequence elements and their corresponding source element to a result element.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable
  .range(1, 2)
  .selectMany(function (x) {
    return Rx.Observable.range(x, 2);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

/* Using a promise */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,4)
  .selectMany(function (x, i) {
    return Promise.resolve(x + i);
  });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 5
// => Next: 7
// => Completed

/* Using an array */
Rx.Observable.of(2, 3, 5).selectMany(
  function(x) {
    // Return x^2, x^3 and x^4
    return [
      x * x,
      x * x * x,
      x * x * x * x
    ];
  },

  function(outer, inner, outerIndex, innerIndex) {
    return { outer : outer, inner : inner, outerIdx : outerIndex, innerIdx : innerIndex };
  }
).subscribe(
  function(next) {
    console.log(
      'Outer: ' + next.outer + ', Inner: ' + next.inner +
      ', InnerIndex: ' + next.innerIdx + ', OuterIndex: ' + next.outerIdx
    );
  },

  function() {
    console.log('Completed');
  }
);

//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 4, InnerIndex : 0, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 8, InnerIndex : 1, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 2, Inner: 16, InnerIndex : 2, OuterIndex : 0
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 9, InnerIndex : 0, OuterIndex : 1
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 27, InnerIndex : 1, OuterIndex : 1
//=> Outer: 3, Inner: 81, InnerIndex : 2, OuterIndex : 1
//...etc
//=> Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/flatmap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/selectmany.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/selectmany.js)

* * *
