doc/api/core/operators/select.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.select(selector, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.map(selector, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/map.js "View in source")

Projects each element of an observable sequence into a new form by incorporating the element's index. There is an alias for this method called `map`.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function` | `Object`)*:  Transform function to apply to each source element or an element to yield.  If selector is a function, it is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which results from the comonadic bind operation.

#### Example
```js
// Using a value
var md = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mousedown').map(true);
var mu = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mouseup').map(false);

// Using a function
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .select(function (x, idx, obs) {
        return x * x;
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/map.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/map.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/select.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/select.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/select.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.select(selector, [thisArg])`
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.map(selector, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/map.js "View in source")

Projects each element of an observable sequence into a new form by incorporating the element's index. There is an alias for this method called `map`.

#### Arguments
1. `selector` *(`Function` | `Object`)*:  Transform function to apply to each source element or an element to yield.  If selector is a function, it is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as `this` when executing the predicate.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which results from the comonadic bind operation.

#### Example
```js
// Using a value
var md = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mousedown').map(true);
var mu = Rx.Observable.fromEvent(document, 'mouseup').map(false);

// Using a function
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 3)
    .select(function (x, idx, obs) {
        return x * x;
    });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/map.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/map.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/select.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/select.js)
