doc/api/core/operators/sequenceequal.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.sequenceEqual(second, [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js "View in source")

Determins whether two sequences are equal by comparing the elements pairwise using a specified equality comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `second` *(`Observable` | `Promise` | `Array`)*:  Second observable sequence, Promise or array to compare.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*: Comparer used to compare elements of both sequences.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains a single element which indicates whether both sequences are of equal length and their corresponding elements are equal according to the specified equality comparer.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = source1.sequenceEqual(source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/sequenceequal.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/sequenceequal.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/sequenceequal.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.sequenceEqual(second, [comparer])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js "View in source")

Determins whether two sequences are equal by comparing the elements pairwise using a specified equality comparer.

#### Arguments
1. `second` *(`Observable` | `Promise` | `Array`)*:  Second observable sequence, Promise or array to compare.
2. `[comparer]` *(`Function`)*: Comparer used to compare elements of both sequences.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains a single element which indicates whether both sequences are of equal length and their corresponding elements are equal according to the specified equality comparer.

#### Example
```js
var source1 = Rx.Observable.return(42);
var source2 = Rx.Observable.return(42);

var source = source1.sequenceEqual(source2);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: true
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/sequenceequal.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/sequenceequal.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/sequenceequal.js)
