doc/api/core/operators/skipuntil.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipUntil(other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js "View in source")

Returns the values from the source observable sequence only after the other observable sequence produces a value.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable` | `Promise`)*: The observable sequence or Promise that triggers propagation of elements of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the elements of the source sequence starting from the point the other sequence triggered propagation.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .skipUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(5000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 6
// => Next: 7
// => Next: 8
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skipuntil.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/skipuntil.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipUntil(other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js "View in source")

Returns the values from the source observable sequence only after the other observable sequence produces a value.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable` | `Promise`)*: The observable sequence or Promise that triggers propagation of elements of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the elements of the source sequence starting from the point the other sequence triggered propagation.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .skipUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(5000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 6
// => Next: 7
// => Next: 8
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/skipuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skipuntil.js)
