doc/api/core/operators/skiplastwithtime.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipLastWithTime(duration, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js "View in source")

Bypasses a specified number of elements at the end of an observable sequence.

This operator accumulates a queue with a length enough to store the first `count` elements. As more elements are received, elements are taken from the front of the queue and produced on the result sequence. This causes elements to be delayed.

#### Arguments
1. `duration` *(`Number`)*: Duration for skipping elements from the end of the sequence.
1. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, defaults to timeout scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with the elements skipped during the specified duration from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(10)
    .skipLastWithTime(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skiplastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skiplastwithtime.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/skiplastwithtime.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipLastWithTime(duration, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js "View in source")

Bypasses a specified number of elements at the end of an observable sequence.

This operator accumulates a queue with a length enough to store the first `count` elements. As more elements are received, elements are taken from the front of the queue and produced on the result sequence. This causes elements to be delayed.

#### Arguments
1. `duration` *(`Number`)*: Duration for skipping elements from the end of the sequence.
1. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, defaults to timeout scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with the elements skipped during the specified duration from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(10)
    .skipLastWithTime(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skiplastwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skiplastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skiplastwithtime.js)
