doc/api/core/operators/skipwhile.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipWhile(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js "View in source")

Bypasses elements in an observable sequence as long as a specified condition is true and then returns the remaining elements.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each source element for a condition. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements from the input sequence starting at the first element in the linear series that does not pass the test specified by predicate.

#### Example
```js
// With a predicate
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 5)
    .skipWhile(function (x) { return x < 3; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 5
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipwhile.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skipwhile.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/skipwhile.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.skipWhile(predicate, [thisArg])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js "View in source")

Bypasses elements in an observable sequence as long as a specified condition is true and then returns the remaining elements.

#### Arguments
1. `predicate` *(`Function`)*: A function to test each source element for a condition. The callback is called with the following information:
    1. the value of the element
    2. the index of the element
    3. the Observable object being subscribed
2. `[thisArg]` *(`Any`)*: Object to use as this when executing callback.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements from the input sequence starting at the first element in the linear series that does not pass the test specified by predicate.

#### Example
```js
// With a predicate
var source = Rx.Observable.range(1, 5)
    .skipWhile(function (x) { return x < 3; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Next: 5
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/skipwhile.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipwhile.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/skipwhile.js)
