doc/api/core/operators/slice.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.slice([begin], [end])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js "View in source")

The `slice` method returns a shallow copy of a portion of an Observable into a new Observable object.  Unlike the `Array` version, this does not support negative numbers for begin or end.

#### Arguments
1. `[begin]`: `Any`: Zero-based index at which to begin extraction. If omitted, this will default to zero.
2. `[end]` `Number`: Zero-based index at which to end extraction. slice extracts up to but not including end.

#### Returns
`Observable`: A shallow copy of a portion of an Observable into a new Observable object.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an end */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .slice(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

/* With an end */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .slice(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/slice.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/slice.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/slice.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.slice([begin], [end])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js "View in source")

The `slice` method returns a shallow copy of a portion of an Observable into a new Observable object.  Unlike the `Array` version, this does not support negative numbers for begin or end.

#### Arguments
1. `[begin]`: `Any`: Zero-based index at which to begin extraction. If omitted, this will default to zero.
2. `[end]` `Number`: Zero-based index at which to end extraction. slice extracts up to but not including end.

#### Returns
`Observable`: A shallow copy of a portion of an Observable into a new Observable object.

#### Example
```js
/* Without an end */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .slice(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed

/* With an end */
var source = Rx.Observable.of(1,2,3,1,2,3)
  .slice(2, 1);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/slice.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/slice.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/slice.js)
