doc/api/core/operators/spawn.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.spawn(fn)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js "View in source")

Spawns a generator function which allows for Promises, Observable sequences, Arrays, Objects, Generators and functions.

#### Arguments
1. `fn` *(`Function`)*: The spawning function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable with the final result

#### Example
```js
var Rx = require('rx');

var spawned = Rx.Observable.spawn(function* () {
  var a = yield cb => cb(null, 'a');
  var b = yield ['b'];
  var c = yield Rx.Observable.just('c');
  var d = yield Rx.Observable.just('d');
  var e = yield Promise.resolve('e');
  return a + b + c + d + e;
});

spawned.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('next %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('error %s', e); },
  function () { console.log('completed'); }
);

// => next 'abcde'
// => completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.async.js` | `rx.async.compat.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)

Unit Tests:
- [``/tests/observable/spawn.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/spawn.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/spawn.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.spawn(fn)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js "View in source")

Spawns a generator function which allows for Promises, Observable sequences, Arrays, Objects, Generators and functions.

#### Arguments
1. `fn` *(`Function`)*: The spawning function.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable with the final result

#### Example
```js
var Rx = require('rx');

var spawned = Rx.Observable.spawn(function* () {
  var a = yield cb => cb(null, 'a');
  var b = yield ['b'];
  var c = yield Rx.Observable.just('c');
  var d = yield Rx.Observable.just('d');
  var e = yield Promise.resolve('e');
  return a + b + c + d + e;
});

spawned.subscribe(
  function (x) { console.log('next %s', x); },
  function (e) { console.log('error %s', e); },
  function () { console.log('completed'); }
);

// => next 'abcde'
// => completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/spawn.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.async.js` | `rx.async.compat.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)

Unit Tests:
- [``/tests/observable/spawn.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/spawn.js)
