doc/api/core/operators/startwith.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.startWith([scheduler] ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js "View in source")

Prepends a sequence of values to an observable sequence with an optional scheduler and an argument list of values to prepend.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to execute the function.
2. `args` *(arguments)*: Values to prepend to the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence prepended with the specified values.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(4)
    .startWith(1, 2, 3)

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/startwith.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/startwith.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/startwith.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.startWith([scheduler] ...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js "View in source")

Prepends a sequence of values to an observable sequence with an optional scheduler and an argument list of values to prepend.

#### Arguments
1. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to execute the function.
2. `args` *(arguments)*: Values to prepend to the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence prepended with the specified values.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(4)
    .startWith(1, 2, 3)

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/startwith.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/startwith.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/startwith.js)
