doc/api/core/operators/start.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.start(func, [context], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/start.js "View in source")

Invokes the specified function asynchronously on the specified scheduler, surfacing the result through an observable sequence.

### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Function to run asynchronously.
2. `[context]` *(`Any`)*: The context for the func parameter to be executed.  If not specified, defaults to undefined.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the function on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence exposing the function's result value, or an exception.

#### Example
```js
var context = { value: 42 };

var source = Rx.Observable.start(
    function () {
        return this.value;
    },
    context,
    Rx.Scheduler.timeout
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/start.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/start.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using rx.async.js | rx.async.compat.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/start.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/start.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/start.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.start(func, [context], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/start.js "View in source")

Invokes the specified function asynchronously on the specified scheduler, surfacing the result through an observable sequence.

### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Function to run asynchronously.
2. `[context]` *(`Any`)*: The context for the func parameter to be executed.  If not specified, defaults to undefined.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the function on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence exposing the function's result value, or an exception.

#### Example
```js
var context = { value: 42 };

var source = Rx.Observable.start(
    function () {
        return this.value;
    },
    context,
    Rx.Scheduler.timeout
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/start.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/start.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using rx.async.js | rx.async.compat.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
    - [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-Async`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Async)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/start.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/start.js)
