doc/api/core/operators/subscribeon.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.subscribeOn(scheduler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js "View in source")

Wraps the source sequence in order to run its subscription and unsubscription logic on the specified scheduler.

This only performs the side-effects of subscription and unsubscription on the specified scheduler. In order to invoke observer callbacks on a scheduler, use `observeOn`.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(`Scheduler`)*:  Scheduler to notify observers on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence whose observations happen on the specified scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var observable = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    function handler () {
        observer.onNext(42);
        observer.onCompleted();
    }

    // Change scheduler for here
    var id = setTimeout(handler, 1000);

    return function () {
        // And change scheduler for here
        if (id) clearTimeout(id);
    };
});

// Change the scheduler to timeout for subscribe/unsubscribe
var source = observable.subscribeOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/subscribeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/subscribeon.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/subscribeon.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.subscribeOn(scheduler)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js "View in source")

Wraps the source sequence in order to run its subscription and unsubscription logic on the specified scheduler.

This only performs the side-effects of subscription and unsubscription on the specified scheduler. In order to invoke observer callbacks on a scheduler, use `observeOn`.

#### Arguments
1. `scheduler` *(`Scheduler`)*:  Scheduler to notify observers on.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The source sequence whose observations happen on the specified scheduler.

#### Example
```js
var observable = Rx.Observable.create(function (observer) {
    function handler () {
        observer.onNext(42);
        observer.onCompleted();
    }

    // Change scheduler for here
    var id = setTimeout(handler, 1000);

    return function () {
        // And change scheduler for here
        if (id) clearTimeout(id);
    };
});

// Change the scheduler to timeout for subscribe/unsubscribe
var source = observable.subscribeOn(Rx.Scheduler.timeout);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/subscribeon.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/subscribeon.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/subscribeon.js)
