doc/api/core/operators/switchfirst.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.switchFirst()` ##
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js "View in source")

Receives an `Observable` of `Observables` and propagates the first `Observable` exclusively until it completes before it begins subscribes to the next `Observable`.  Observables that come before the current Observable completes will be dropped and will not propagate.

This operator is similar to `concatAll()` except that it will not hold onto Observables that come in before the current one is finished completed.


#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence that is the result of concatenating non-overlapping items emitted by an Observable of Observables.

#### Example

```javascript

//Generate an event every 100 milliseconds
var source = Rx.Observable.generateWithRelativeTime(
   0,
   function(x) {return x < 5; },
   function(x) {return x + 1; },
   function(x) {return x; },
   function(x) {return 100; })
  .map(function(value) {
    //Observable takes 150 milliseconds to complete
    return Rx.Observable.timer(150).map(value);
  });


source.exclusive().subscribe(
   function (x) {
    console.log("Next %d", x);
   }, function(e) {
    console.log("Error %s", e);
   }, function() {
    console.log("Completed");
   });


// Next 0
// Next 2
// Next 4
// Completed
```


#### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)
- [`rx.experimental-lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental-lite.js)
- [`rx.experimental-lite-compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental-lite-compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental/)

Unit Tests:
- None

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/switchfirst.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.switchFirst()` ##
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js "View in source")

Receives an `Observable` of `Observables` and propagates the first `Observable` exclusively until it completes before it begins subscribes to the next `Observable`.  Observables that come before the current Observable completes will be dropped and will not propagate.

This operator is similar to `concatAll()` except that it will not hold onto Observables that come in before the current one is finished completed.


#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable sequence that is the result of concatenating non-overlapping items emitted by an Observable of Observables.

#### Example

```javascript

//Generate an event every 100 milliseconds
var source = Rx.Observable.generateWithRelativeTime(
   0,
   function(x) {return x < 5; },
   function(x) {return x + 1; },
   function(x) {return x; },
   function(x) {return 100; })
  .map(function(value) {
    //Observable takes 150 milliseconds to complete
    return Rx.Observable.timer(150).map(value);
  });


source.exclusive().subscribe(
   function (x) {
    console.log("Next %d", x);
   }, function(e) {
    console.log("Error %s", e);
   }, function() {
    console.log("Completed");
   });


// Next 0
// Next 2
// Next 4
// Completed
```


#### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/switchfirst.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)
- [`rx.experimental-lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental-lite.js)
- [`rx.experimental-lite-compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental-lite-compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental/)

Unit Tests:
- None
