doc/api/core/operators/takelast.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLast(count)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js "View in source")

Returns a specified number of contiguous elements from the end of an observable sequence, using an optional scheduler to drain the queue.

This operator accumulates a buffer with a length enough to store elements count elements. Upon completion of the source sequence, this buffer is drained on the result sequence. This causes the elements to be delayed.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: Number of elements to bypass at the end of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the source sequence elements except for the bypassed ones at the end.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .takeLast(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takelast.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelast.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/takelast.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLast(count)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js "View in source")

Returns a specified number of contiguous elements from the end of an observable sequence, using an optional scheduler to drain the queue.

This operator accumulates a buffer with a length enough to store elements count elements. Upon completion of the source sequence, this buffer is drained on the result sequence. This causes the elements to be delayed.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: Number of elements to bypass at the end of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the source sequence elements except for the bypassed ones at the end.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .takeLast(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelast.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takelast.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelast.js)
