doc/api/core/operators/takelastwithtime.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLastWithTime(duration, [timeScheduler], [loopScheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js "View in source")

Returns elements within the specified duration from the end of the observable source sequence, using the specified schedulers to run timers and to drain the collected elements.

#### Arguments
1. `duration` *(`Number`)*: Duration for taking elements from the end of the sequence.
2. `[timeScheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, defaults to timeout scheduler.
2. `[loopScheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to drain the collected elements. If not specified, defaults to current thread scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with the elements taken during the specified duration from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(10)
    .takeLastWithTime(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 5
// => Next: 6
// => Next: 7
// => Next: 8
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipuntilwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelastwithtime.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/takelastwithtime.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLastWithTime(duration, [timeScheduler], [loopScheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js "View in source")

Returns elements within the specified duration from the end of the observable source sequence, using the specified schedulers to run timers and to drain the collected elements.

#### Arguments
1. `duration` *(`Number`)*: Duration for taking elements from the end of the sequence.
2. `[timeScheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, defaults to timeout scheduler.
2. `[loopScheduler=Rx.Scheduler.currentThread]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to drain the collected elements. If not specified, defaults to current thread scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with the elements taken during the specified duration from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(10)
    .takeLastWithTime(5000);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 5
// => Next: 6
// => Next: 7
// => Next: 8
// => Next: 9
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
  - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/skipuntilwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelastwithtime.js)
