doc/api/core/operators/takelastbuffer.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLastBuffer(count)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js "View in source")

Returns an array with the specified number of contiguous elements from the end of an observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: Number of elements to bypass at the end of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single array with the specified number of elements from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .takeLastBuffer(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2,3,4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takelastbuffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelastbuffer.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/takelastbuffer.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeLastBuffer(count)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js "View in source")

Returns an array with the specified number of contiguous elements from the end of an observable sequence.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: Number of elements to bypass at the end of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single array with the specified number of elements from the end of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .takeLastBuffer(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 2,3,4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/takelastbuffer.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takelastbuffer.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takelastbuffer.js)
