doc/api/core/operators/takeuntil.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeUntil(other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js "View in source")

Returns the values from the source observable sequence until the other observable sequence or Promise produces a value.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable` | `Promise`)*: Observable sequence or Promise that terminates propagation of elements of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the elements of the source sequence up to the point the other sequence or Promise interrupted further propagation.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .takeUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(5000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takeuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takeuntil.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/takeuntil.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.takeUntil(other)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js "View in source")

Returns the values from the source observable sequence until the other observable sequence or Promise produces a value.

#### Arguments
1. `other` *(`Observable` | `Promise`)*: Observable sequence or Promise that terminates propagation of elements of the source sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the elements of the source sequence up to the point the other sequence or Promise interrupted further propagation.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .takeUntil(Rx.Observable.timer(5000));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Next: 4
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/takeuntil.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/takeuntil.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/takeuntil.js)
