doc/api/core/operators/take.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.take(count, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/take.js "View in source")

Returns a specified number of contiguous elements from the start of an observable sequence, using the specified scheduler for the edge case of `take(0)`.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: The number of elements to return.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler used to produce an onCompleted message in case `count` is set to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements before and including the specified index in the input sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/take.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/take.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/take.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/take.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/take.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.take(count, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/take.js "View in source")

Returns a specified number of contiguous elements from the start of an observable sequence, using the specified scheduler for the edge case of `take(0)`.

#### Arguments
1. `count` *(`Number`)*: The number of elements to return.
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler used to produce an onCompleted message in case `count` is set to 0.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that contains the elements before and including the specified index in the input sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 1
// => Next: 2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/take.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/take.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/take.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/take.js)
