doc/api/core/operators/throttle.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.throttle(windowDuration, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js "View in source")

Returns an Observable that emits only the first item emitted by the source Observable during sequential time windows of a specified duration.

#### Arguments
1. `windowDuration` *(`Number`)*: Time to wait before emitting another item after emitting the last item (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*:  The Scheduler to use internally to manage the timers that handle timeout for each item. If not provided, defaults to the default scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable that performs the throttle operation.

#### Example
```js
var times = [
  { value: 0, time: 100 },
  { value: 1, time: 600 },
  { value: 2, time: 400 },
  { value: 3, time: 900 },
  { value: 4, time: 200 }
];

// Delay each item by time and project value;
var source = Rx.Observable.from(times)
  .flatMap(function (item) {
    return Rx.Observable
      .of(item.value)
      .delay(item.time);
  })
  .throttle(300 /* ms */);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/throttle.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/throttle.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/throttle.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.throttle(windowDuration, [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js "View in source")

Returns an Observable that emits only the first item emitted by the source Observable during sequential time windows of a specified duration.

#### Arguments
1. `windowDuration` *(`Number`)*: Time to wait before emitting another item after emitting the last item (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
2. `[scheduler]` *(`Scheduler`)*:  The Scheduler to use internally to manage the timers that handle timeout for each item. If not provided, defaults to the default scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An Observable that performs the throttle operation.

#### Example
```js
var times = [
  { value: 0, time: 100 },
  { value: 1, time: 600 },
  { value: 2, time: 400 },
  { value: 3, time: 900 },
  { value: 4, time: 200 }
];

// Delay each item by time and project value;
var source = Rx.Observable.from(times)
  .flatMap(function (item) {
    return Rx.Observable
      .of(item.value)
      .delay(item.time);
  })
  .throttle(300 /* ms */);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0
// => Next: 2
// => Next: 3
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/throttle.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- If using `rx.time.js`
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/throttle.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/throttle.js)
