doc/api/core/operators/throw.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.throw(exception, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.throwError(exception, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.throwException(exception, [scheduler])` ** DEPRECATED **
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that terminates with an exception, using the specified scheduler to send out the single onError message.

### Arguments
1. `exception` *(Error)*: Error the observable sequence terminates with.
2. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to send the exceptional termination call on. If not specified, defaults to the immediate scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that terminates exceptionally with the specified exception object.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42)
    .selectMany(Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error!')));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Error: Error: error!
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/throw.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/throw.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/throw.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.throw(exception, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.throwError(exception, [scheduler])`
### `Rx.Observable.throwException(exception, [scheduler])` ** DEPRECATED **
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that terminates with an exception, using the specified scheduler to send out the single onError message.

### Arguments
1. `exception` *(Error)*: Error the observable sequence terminates with.
2. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.immediate]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to send the exceptional termination call on. If not specified, defaults to the immediate scheduler.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that terminates exceptionally with the specified exception object.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.return(42)
    .selectMany(Rx.Observable.throw(new Error('error!')));

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Error: Error: error!
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/perf/operators/throw.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/throw.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/throw.js)
