doc/api/core/operators/timer.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.timer(dueTime, [period], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that produces a value after dueTime has elapsed and then after each period.  Note for `rx.lite.js`, only
relative time is supported.

### Arguments
1. `dueTime` *(Date|Number)*: Absolute (specified as a Date object) or relative time (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds) at which to produce the first value.
2. `[period|scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(Number|Scheduler)*: Period to produce subsequent values (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds), or the scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, the resulting timer is not recurring.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces a value after due time has elapsed and then each period.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(200, 100)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval')
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 200
// => Next: 100
// => Next: 100
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js)
- [/src/core/linq/observable/timer-lite.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer-lite.js)

Dist:
- [rx.all.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [rx.all.compat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [rx.time.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).time.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/timer.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/timer.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/timer.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.timer(dueTime, [period], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js "View in source")

Returns an observable sequence that produces a value after dueTime has elapsed and then after each period.  Note for `rx.lite.js`, only
relative time is supported.

### Arguments
1. `dueTime` *(Date|Number)*: Absolute (specified as a Date object) or relative time (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds) at which to produce the first value.
2. `[period|scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(Number|Scheduler)*: Period to produce subsequent values (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds), or the scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, the resulting timer is not recurring.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the timer on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence that produces a value after due time has elapsed and then each period.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(200, 100)
    .timeInterval()
    .pluck('interval')
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 200
// => Next: 100
// => Next: 100
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer.js)
- [/src/core/linq/observable/timer-lite.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/timer-lite.js)

Dist:
- [rx.all.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [rx.all.compat.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [rx.time.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).time.js
    - [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | rx.lite.compat.js

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/timer.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/timer.js)
