doc/api/core/operators/toasync.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.toAsync(func, [context], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js "View in source")

Converts the function into an asynchronous function. Each invocation of the resulting asynchronous function causes an invocation of the original synchronous function on the specified scheduler.

### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Function to convert to an asynchronous function.
2. `[context]` *(`Any`)*: The context for the func parameter to be executed.  If not specified, defaults to undefined.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the function on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Function`)*: Asynchronous function.

#### Example
```js
var func = Rx.Observable.toAsync(function (x, y) {
    return x + y;
});

// Execute function with 3 and 4
var source = func(3, 4);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 7
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).async.js | rx.async.compat.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)JS-Binding

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/toasync.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/toasync.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/toasync.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.toAsync(func, [context], [scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js "View in source")

Converts the function into an asynchronous function. Each invocation of the resulting asynchronous function causes an invocation of the original synchronous function on the specified scheduler.

### Arguments
1. `func` *(`Function`)*: Function to convert to an asynchronous function.
2. `[context]` *(`Any`)*: The context for the func parameter to be executed.  If not specified, defaults to undefined.
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run the function on. If not specified, defaults to Scheduler.timeout.

#### Returns
*(`Function`)*: Asynchronous function.

#### Example
```js
var func = Rx.Observable.toAsync(function (x, y) {
    return x + y;
});

// Execute function with 3 and 4
var source = func(3, 4);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 7
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toasync.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.async.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.js)
- [`rx.async.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.async.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).async.js | rx.async.compat.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.binding.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.binding.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)JS-Binding

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/toasync.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/toasync.js)
