doc/api/core/operators/tomap.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.toMap(keySelector, [elementSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js "View in source")

Converts the observable sequence to a Map if it exists.  Note that this only works in an ES6 environment or polyfilled.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: A function which produces the key for the Map.
2. `[elementSelector]` *(`Function`)*: An optional function which produces the element for the Map. If not present, defaults to the value from the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with a single value of a Map containing the values from the observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(5)
    .toMap(function (x) { return x * 2; }, function (x) { return x * 4; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        var arr = [];
        x.forEach(function (value, key) { arr.push(value, key); })
        console.log('Next: ' + arr);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: [0,0,2,4,4,8,6,12,8,16]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/tomap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/tomap.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/tomap.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.toMap(keySelector, [elementSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js "View in source")

Converts the observable sequence to a Map if it exists.  Note that this only works in an ES6 environment or polyfilled.

#### Arguments
1. `keySelector` *(`Function`)*: A function which produces the key for the Map.
2. `[elementSelector]` *(`Function`)*: An optional function which produces the element for the Map. If not present, defaults to the value from the observable sequence.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence with a single value of a Map containing the values from the observable sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(5)
    .toMap(function (x) { return x * 2; }, function (x) { return x * 4; });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        var arr = [];
        x.forEach(function (value, key) { arr.push(value, key); })
        console.log('Next: ' + arr);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: [0,0,2,4,4,8,6,12,8,16]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/tomap.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/tomap.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/tomap.js)
