doc/api/core/operators/toset.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.toSet()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence with a single item of a Set created from the observable sequence.  Note that this only works in an ES6 environment or polyfilled.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with a Set containing all the elements of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(5)
    .toSet();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        var arr = [];
        x.forEach(function (i) { arr.push(i); })
        console.log('Next: ' + arr);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: [0,1,2,3,4]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/toset.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/toset.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/toset.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.toSet()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js "View in source")

Creates an observable sequence with a single item of a Set created from the observable sequence.  Note that this only works in an ES6 environment or polyfilled.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing a single element with a Set containing all the elements of the source sequence.

#### Example
```js
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 1000)
    .take(5)
    .toSet();

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        var arr = [];
        x.forEach(function (i) { arr.push(i); })
        console.log('Next: ' + arr);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: [0,1,2,3,4]
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/toset.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.aggregates.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.aggregates.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Aggregates`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Aggregates/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/toset.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/toset.js)
