doc/api/core/operators/using.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.using(resourceFactory, observableFactory)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/using.js "View in source")

Constructs an observable sequence that depends on a resource object, whose lifetime is tied to the resulting observable sequence's lifetime.

### Arguments
1. `resourceFactory` *(`Function`)*: Factory function to obtain a resource object.
2. `observableFactory` *(`Function`)*: Factory function to obtain an observable sequence that depends on the obtained resource.

#### Returns
*(`Function`)*: An observable sequence whose lifetime controls the lifetime of the dependent resource object.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an AsyncSubject as a resource which supports the .dispose method */
function DisposableResource(value) {
  this.value = value;
  this.disposed = false;
}

DisposableResource.prototype.getValue = function () {
  if (this.disposed) {
    throw new Error('Object is disposed');
  }
  return this.value;
};

DisposableResource.prototype.dispose = function () {
  if (!this.disposed) {
    this.disposed = true;
    this.value = null;
  }
  console.log('Disposed');
};

var source = Rx.Observable.using(
  function () { return new DisposableResource(42); },
  function (resource) {
    var subject = new Rx.AsyncSubject();
    subject.onNext(resource.getValue());
    subject.onCompleted();
    return subject;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

subscription.dispose();

// => Disposed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/using.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/using.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/using.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/using.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/using.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.using(resourceFactory, observableFactory)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/using.js "View in source")

Constructs an observable sequence that depends on a resource object, whose lifetime is tied to the resulting observable sequence's lifetime.

### Arguments
1. `resourceFactory` *(`Function`)*: Factory function to obtain a resource object.
2. `observableFactory` *(`Function`)*: Factory function to obtain an observable sequence that depends on the obtained resource.

#### Returns
*(`Function`)*: An observable sequence whose lifetime controls the lifetime of the dependent resource object.

#### Example
```js
/* Using an AsyncSubject as a resource which supports the .dispose method */
function DisposableResource(value) {
  this.value = value;
  this.disposed = false;
}

DisposableResource.prototype.getValue = function () {
  if (this.disposed) {
    throw new Error('Object is disposed');
  }
  return this.value;
};

DisposableResource.prototype.dispose = function () {
  if (!this.disposed) {
    this.disposed = true;
    this.value = null;
  }
  console.log('Disposed');
};

var source = Rx.Observable.using(
  function () { return new DisposableResource(42); },
  function (resource) {
    var subject = new Rx.AsyncSubject();
    subject.onNext(resource.getValue());
    subject.onCompleted();
    return subject;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 42
// => Completed

subscription.dispose();

// => Disposed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/using.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/using.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- None

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/using.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/using.js)
