doc/api/core/operators/when.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.when(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/when.js "View in source")

A series of plans (specified as an Array or as a series of arguments) created by use of the Then operator on patterns.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(arguments|Array)*: A series of plans (specified as an Array of as a series of arguments) created by use of the then operator on patterns.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence with the results form matching several patterns.

#### Example
```js
// Fire each plan when both are ready
var source = Rx.Observable.when(
  Rx.Observable.timer(100).and(Rx.Observable.timer(500)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'first'; }),
  Rx.Observable.timer(400).and(Rx.Observable.timer(300)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'second'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
      console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
      console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: second
// => Next: first
// => Completed
```

#### Example

```js
var chopsticks = [new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject()];

var hungry = [new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject()];

var eat = i => {
  return () => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      console.log('Done');
      chopsticks[i].onNext({});
      chopsticks[(i+1) % 3].onNext({});
    }, 1000);
    return 'philosopher ' + i + ' eating';
  };
};

var dining = Rx.Observable.when(
  hungry[0].and(chopsticks[0]).and(chopsticks[1]).thenDo(eat(0)),
  hungry[1].and(chopsticks[1]).and(chopsticks[2]).thenDo(eat(1)),
  hungry[2].and(chopsticks[2]).and(chopsticks[0]).thenDo(eat(2))
);

dining.subscribe(console.log.bind(console));

chopsticks[0].onNext({}); chopsticks[1].onNext({}); chopsticks[2].onNext({});

for (var i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
  hungry[0].onNext({}); hungry[1].onNext({}); hungry[2].onNext({});
}
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/when.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/when.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).joinpatterns.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/when.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/when.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/when.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.when(...args)`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/when.js "View in source")

A series of plans (specified as an Array or as a series of arguments) created by use of the Then operator on patterns.

### Arguments
1. `args` *(arguments|Array)*: A series of plans (specified as an Array of as a series of arguments) created by use of the then operator on patterns.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence with the results form matching several patterns.

#### Example
```js
// Fire each plan when both are ready
var source = Rx.Observable.when(
  Rx.Observable.timer(100).and(Rx.Observable.timer(500)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'first'; }),
  Rx.Observable.timer(400).and(Rx.Observable.timer(300)).thenDo(function (x, y) { return 'second'; })
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
      console.log('Next: ' + x);
  },
  function (err) {
      console.log('Error: ' + err);
  },
  function () {
      console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: second
// => Next: first
// => Completed
```

#### Example

```js
var chopsticks = [new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject()];

var hungry = [new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject(), new Rx.Subject()];

var eat = i => {
  return () => {
    setTimeout(() => {
      console.log('Done');
      chopsticks[i].onNext({});
      chopsticks[(i+1) % 3].onNext({});
    }, 1000);
    return 'philosopher ' + i + ' eating';
  };
};

var dining = Rx.Observable.when(
  hungry[0].and(chopsticks[0]).and(chopsticks[1]).thenDo(eat(0)),
  hungry[1].and(chopsticks[1]).and(chopsticks[2]).thenDo(eat(1)),
  hungry[2].and(chopsticks[2]).and(chopsticks[0]).thenDo(eat(2))
);

dining.subscribe(console.log.bind(console));

chopsticks[0].onNext({}); chopsticks[1].onNext({}); chopsticks[2].onNext({});

for (var i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
  hungry[0].onNext({}); hungry[1].onNext({}); hungry[2].onNext({});
}
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/when.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/when.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.joinpatterns.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.joinpatterns.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).joinpatterns.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All)
- [`RxJS-JoinPatterns`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-JoinPatterns)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/when.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/when.js)
