doc/api/core/operators/while.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.while(condition, source)`
### `Rx.Observable.whileDo(condition, source)` *DEPRECATED*
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/while.js "View in source")

Repeats source as long as condition holds emulating a while loop.  There is an alias for this method called 'whileDo' for browsers <IE9.

### Arguments
1. `condition` *(`Function`)*: The condition which determines if the source will be repeated.
2. `source` *(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns true.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which is repeated as long as the condition holds.

#### Example
```js
var i = 0;

// Repeat until condition no longer holds
var source = Rx.Observable.while(
    function () { return i++ < 3 },
    Rx.Observable.return(42)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/while.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/while.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/while.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/while.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/while.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.while(condition, source)`
### `Rx.Observable.whileDo(condition, source)` *DEPRECATED*
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/while.js "View in source")

Repeats source as long as condition holds emulating a while loop.  There is an alias for this method called 'whileDo' for browsers <IE9.

### Arguments
1. `condition` *(`Function`)*: The condition which determines if the source will be repeated.
2. `source` *(`Observable`)*: The observable sequence that will be run if the condition function returns true.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence which is repeated as long as the condition holds.

#### Example
```js
var i = 0;

// Repeat until condition no longer holds
var source = Rx.Observable.while(
    function () { return i++ < 3 },
    Rx.Observable.return(42)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (x) {
        console.log('Next: ' + x);
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Next: 42
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/while.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/while.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.experimental.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Experimental`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Experimental)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/while.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/while.js)
