doc/api/core/operators/window.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.window()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/window.js "View in source")

The `window` method periodically subdivide items from an Observable into Observable windows and emit these windows rather than emitting the items one at a time.

Window is similar to `buffer`, but rather than emitting packets of items from the original `Observable`, it emits Observables, each one of which emits a subset of items from the original `Observable` and then terminates with an `onCompleted` call.

Like `buffer`, `window` has many varieties, each with its own way of subdividing the original `Observable` into the resulting `Observable` emissions, each one of which contains a "window" onto the original emitted items. In the terminology of the `window` method, when a window "opens," this means that a new `Observable` is emitted and that `Observable` will begin emitting items emitted by the source `Observable`. When a window "closes," this means that the emitted Observable stops emitting items from the source Observable and calls its Subscribers' `onCompleted` method and terminates.

#### With window closing selector
```js

Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowClosingSelector);
```

This version of `window` opens its first window immediately. It closes the currently open window and immediately opens a new one each time it observes an object emitted by the `Observable` that is returned from `windowClosingSelector`. In this way, this version of `window` emits a series of non-overlapping windows whose collective `onNext` emissions correspond one-to-one with those of the source Observable.

#### Arguments
1. `windowClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
// With closings
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 50)
  .window(function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(125); })
  .take(3)
  .flatMap(function (x) { return x.toArray(); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2
  // => Next: 3,4,5
  // => Next: 6,7
  // => Completed
```

#### With window opening and window closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowOpenings, windowClosingSelector);
```

This version of `window` opens a window whenever it observes the `windowOpenings` `Observable` emit an Opening object and at the same time calls `windowClosingSelector` to generate a closing `Observable` associated with that window. When that closing `Observable` emits an object, `window` closes that window. Since the closing of currently open windows and the opening of new windows are activities that are regulated by independent Observables, this version of `window` may create windows that overlap (duplicating items from the source `Observable`) or that leave gaps (discarding items from the source Observable).

#### Arguments
1. `windowOpenings` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence whose elements denote the creation of new windows
2. `windowClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example

```js
/* Using Openings and Closing Selector */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(200);

var source = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
  .window(openings, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x + 100); })
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 7,8
// => Next: 11,12
// => Completed
```

#### With boundaries
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowBoundaries);
```

This version of `window` returns an `Observable` that emits non-overlapping buffered items from the source `Observable` each time the specified boundary Observable emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `windowBoundaries` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence of window boundary markers. The current window is closed and a new window is opened upon receiving a boundary marker.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
/* With window boundaries */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(500);

// Convert the window to an array
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 100)
  .window(openings)
  .take(3)
  .flatMap(function (x) { return x.toArray(); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0,1,2,3,4
// => Next: 5,6,7,8,9,10
// => Next: 11,12,13,14,15
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/window.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/window.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/window.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/window.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/window.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.window()`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/window.js "View in source")

The `window` method periodically subdivide items from an Observable into Observable windows and emit these windows rather than emitting the items one at a time.

Window is similar to `buffer`, but rather than emitting packets of items from the original `Observable`, it emits Observables, each one of which emits a subset of items from the original `Observable` and then terminates with an `onCompleted` call.

Like `buffer`, `window` has many varieties, each with its own way of subdividing the original `Observable` into the resulting `Observable` emissions, each one of which contains a "window" onto the original emitted items. In the terminology of the `window` method, when a window "opens," this means that a new `Observable` is emitted and that `Observable` will begin emitting items emitted by the source `Observable`. When a window "closes," this means that the emitted Observable stops emitting items from the source Observable and calls its Subscribers' `onCompleted` method and terminates.

#### With window closing selector
```js

Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowClosingSelector);
```

This version of `window` opens its first window immediately. It closes the currently open window and immediately opens a new one each time it observes an object emitted by the `Observable` that is returned from `windowClosingSelector`. In this way, this version of `window` emits a series of non-overlapping windows whose collective `onNext` emissions correspond one-to-one with those of the source Observable.

#### Arguments
1. `windowClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
// With closings
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 50)
  .window(function () { return Rx.Observable.timer(125); })
  .take(3)
  .flatMap(function (x) { return x.toArray(); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

  // => Next: 0,1,2
  // => Next: 3,4,5
  // => Next: 6,7
  // => Completed
```

#### With window opening and window closing selector
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowOpenings, windowClosingSelector);
```

This version of `window` opens a window whenever it observes the `windowOpenings` `Observable` emit an Opening object and at the same time calls `windowClosingSelector` to generate a closing `Observable` associated with that window. When that closing `Observable` emits an object, `window` closes that window. Since the closing of currently open windows and the opening of new windows are activities that are regulated by independent Observables, this version of `window` may create windows that overlap (duplicating items from the source `Observable`) or that leave gaps (discarding items from the source Observable).

#### Arguments
1. `windowOpenings` *(`Observable`)*: Observable sequence whose elements denote the creation of new windows
2. `windowClosingSelector` *(`Function`)*: A function invoked to define the closing of each produced window.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example

```js
/* Using Openings and Closing Selector */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(200);

var source = Rx.Observable.interval(50)
  .window(openings, function (x) { return Rx.Observable.timer(x + 100); })
  .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 3,4
// => Next: 7,8
// => Next: 11,12
// => Completed
```

#### With boundaries
```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.window(windowBoundaries);
```

This version of `window` returns an `Observable` that emits non-overlapping buffered items from the source `Observable` each time the specified boundary Observable emits an item.

#### Arguments
1. `windowBoundaries` *(`Observable`)*: Sequence of window boundary markers. The current window is closed and a new window is opened upon receiving a boundary marker.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of windows.

#### Example
```js
/* With window boundaries */
var openings = Rx.Observable.interval(500);

// Convert the window to an array
var source = Rx.Observable.timer(0, 100)
  .window(openings)
  .take(3)
  .flatMap(function (x) { return x.toArray(); });

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0,1,2,3,4
// => Next: 5,6,7,8,9,10
// => Next: 11,12,13,14,15
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/window.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/window.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.coincidence.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.coincidence.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Coincidence`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Coincidence/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/window.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/window.js)
