doc/api/core/operators/windowwithtime.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.prototype.windowWithTime(timeSpan, [timeShift | scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js "View in source")

Projects each element of an observable sequence into zero or more buffers which are produced based on timing information.

#### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` *(`Number`)*: Length of each buffer (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
2. `[timeShift]` *(`Number`)*: Interval between creation of consecutive buffers (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run buffer timers on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of buffers.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .windowWithTime(500)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (child) {

        child.toArray().subscribe(
            function (x) {
                console.log('Child Next: ' + x.toString());
            },
            function (err) {
                console.log('Child Error: ' + err);
            },
            function () {
                console.log('Child Completed');
            }
        );
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3
// => Child Completed
// => Completed
// => Child Next: 4,5,6,7,8
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 9,10,11,12,13
// => Child Completed

/* Using a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .windowWithTime(500, 100)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (child) {

        child.toArray().subscribe(
            function (x) {
                console.log('Child Next: ' + x.toString());
            },
            function (err) {
                console.log('Child Error: ' + err);
            },
            function () {
                console.log('Child Completed');
            }
        );
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Completed
// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3,4
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3,4,5
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 1,2,3,4,5,6
// => Child Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/windowwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/windowwithtime.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/windowwithtime.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.prototype.windowWithTime(timeSpan, [timeShift | scheduler])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js "View in source")

Projects each element of an observable sequence into zero or more buffers which are produced based on timing information.

#### Arguments
1. `timeSpan` *(`Number`)*: Length of each buffer (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
2. `[timeShift]` *(`Number`)*: Interval between creation of consecutive buffers (specified as an integer denoting milliseconds).
3. `[scheduler=Rx.Scheduler.timeout]` *(`Scheduler`)*: Scheduler to run buffer timers on. If not specified, the timeout scheduler is used.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence of buffers.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .windowWithTime(500)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (child) {

        child.toArray().subscribe(
            function (x) {
                console.log('Child Next: ' + x.toString());
            },
            function (err) {
                console.log('Child Error: ' + err);
            },
            function () {
                console.log('Child Completed');
            }
        );
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3
// => Child Completed
// => Completed
// => Child Next: 4,5,6,7,8
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 9,10,11,12,13
// => Child Completed

/* Using a skip */
var source = Rx.Observable.interval(100)
    .windowWithTime(500, 100)
    .take(3);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
    function (child) {

        child.toArray().subscribe(
            function (x) {
                console.log('Child Next: ' + x.toString());
            },
            function (err) {
                console.log('Child Error: ' + err);
            },
            function () {
                console.log('Child Completed');
            }
        );
    },
    function (err) {
        console.log('Error: ' + err);
    },
    function () {
        console.log('Completed');
    });

// => Completed
// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3,4
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 0,1,2,3,4,5
// => Child Completed
// => Child Next: 1,2,3,4,5,6
// => Child Completed
```
### Location

File:
- [`/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/windowwithtime.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.all.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.js)
- [`rx.all.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.all.compat.js)
- [`rx.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.time.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Time`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Time/)

Unit Tests:
- [`/tests/observable/windowwithtime.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/windowwithtime.js)
