doc/api/core/operators/zip.md, before:

### `Rx.Observable.zip(...args, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js "View in source")

Merges the specified observable sequences or Promises into one observable sequence by using the selector function whenever all of the observable sequences have produced an element at a corresponding index.  If the result selector function is omitted, a list with the elements of the observable sequences at corresponding indexes will be yielded.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sources.
2. `[resultSelector]` *(Function)*: A function which takes the inputs at the specified index and combines them together.  If omitted, a list with the elements of the observable sequences at corresponding indexes will be yielded.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the result of combining elements of the sources using the specified result selector function.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a result selector */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  range,
  range.skip(1),
  range.skip(2)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0,1,2
// => Next: 1,2,3
// => Next: 2,3,4
// => Completed

/* With a result selector */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  range,
  range.skip(1),
  range.skip(2),
  function (s1, s2, s3) {
    return s1 + ':' + s2 + ':' + s3;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:1:2
// => Next: 1:2:3
// => Next: 2:3:4
// => Completed

/* Using promises and Observables */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  Promise.resolve(0),
  Promise.resolve(1),
  Rx.Observable.return(2),
  function (s1, s2, s3) {
    return s1 + ':' + s2 + ':' + s3;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:1:2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).experimental.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/zip.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/zip.js)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/api/core/operators/zip.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
### `Rx.Observable.zip(...args, [resultSelector])`
[&#x24C8;](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js "View in source")

Merges the specified observable sequences or Promises into one observable sequence by using the selector function whenever all of the observable sequences have produced an element at a corresponding index.  If the result selector function is omitted, a list with the elements of the observable sequences at corresponding indexes will be yielded.

#### Arguments
1. `args` *(Array|arguments)*: Observable sources.
2. `[resultSelector]` *(Function)*: A function which takes the inputs at the specified index and combines them together.  If omitted, a list with the elements of the observable sequences at corresponding indexes will be yielded.

#### Returns
*(`Observable`)*: An observable sequence containing the result of combining elements of the sources using the specified result selector function.

#### Example
```js
/* Without a result selector */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  range,
  range.skip(1),
  range.skip(2)
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0,1,2
// => Next: 1,2,3
// => Next: 2,3,4
// => Completed

/* With a result selector */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  range,
  range.skip(1),
  range.skip(2),
  function (s1, s2, s3) {
    return s1 + ':' + s2 + ':' + s3;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:1:2
// => Next: 1:2:3
// => Next: 2:3:4
// => Completed

/* Using promises and Observables */
var range = Rx.Observable.range(0, 5);

var source = Rx.Observable.zip(
  Promise.resolve(0),
  Promise.resolve(1),
  Rx.Observable.return(2),
  function (s1, s2, s3) {
    return s1 + ':' + s2 + ':' + s3;
  }
);

var subscription = source.subscribe(
  function (x) {
    console.log('Next: %s', x);
  },
  function (err) {
    console.log('Error: %s', err);
  },
  function () {
    console.log('Completed');
  });

// => Next: 0:1:2
// => Completed
```

### Location

File:
- [/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/src/core/linq/observable/zip.js)

Dist:
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js)
- [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js)
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

Prerequisites:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx).experimental.js
- [`rx.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.js) | [`rx.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.compat.js) | [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-All`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-All/)
- [`RxJS-Main`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Main/)
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

Unit Tests:
- [/tests/observable/zip.js](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/tests/observable/zip.js)
