doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.time.md, before:

# RxJS Lite Time Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript, as it is a library that deals with events over time, naturally has a large number of operators that allow the creation of sequences at given timers, in addition to capturing time stamp and time interval information.  In addition, you can also check for timeouts on your operations.  This also supports windows and buffers with time. This module is designed to work with the `rx-lite` NPM module for both the standards-compliant version as well as compat for older browsers.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-time/rx.lite.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.time.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-time-compat/rx.lite.time.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-time`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-time)
- [`rx-lite-time-compat`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-time-compat)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`generateWithAbsoluteTime`](../../api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md)
- [`generateWithRelativeTime`](../../api/core/operators/generatewithrelativetime.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`bufferWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithtime.md)
- [`bufferWithTimeOrCount`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithtimeorcount.md)
- [`delaySubscription`](../../api/core/operators/delaysubscription.md)
- [`sample`](../../api/core/operators/sample.md)
- [`skipLastWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/skiplastwithtime.md)
- [`takeLastBufferWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/takelastbufferwithtime.md)
- [`takeLastWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/takelastwithtime.md)
- [`timeInterval`](../../api/core/operators/timeinterval.md)
- [`timeout`](../../api/core/operators/timeout.md)
- [`timeoutWithSelector`](../../api/core/operators/timeoutwithselector.md)
- [`timestamp`](../../api/core/operators/timestamp.md)
- [`windowWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithtime.md)
- [`windowWithTimeOrCount`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithtimeorcount.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.time.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Lite Time Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript, as it is a library that deals with events over time, naturally has a large number of operators that allow the creation of sequences at given timers, in addition to capturing time stamp and time interval information.  In addition, you can also check for timeouts on your operations.  This also supports windows and buffers with time. This module is designed to work with the `rx-lite` NPM module for both the standards-compliant version as well as compat for older browsers.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.time.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-time/rx.lite.time.js)
- [`rx.lite.time.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-time-compat/rx.lite.time.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-time`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-time)
- [`rx-lite-time-compat`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-time-compat)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`generateWithAbsoluteTime`](../../api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md)
- [`generateWithRelativeTime`](../../api/core/operators/generatewithrelativetime.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`bufferWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithtime.md)
- [`bufferWithTimeOrCount`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithtimeorcount.md)
- [`delaySubscription`](../../api/core/operators/delaysubscription.md)
- [`sample`](../../api/core/operators/sample.md)
- [`skipLastWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/skiplastwithtime.md)
- [`takeLastBufferWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/takelastbufferwithtime.md)
- [`takeLastWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/takelastwithtime.md)
- [`timeInterval`](../../api/core/operators/timeinterval.md)
- [`timeout`](../../api/core/operators/timeout.md)
- [`timeoutWithSelector`](../../api/core/operators/timeoutwithselector.md)
- [`timestamp`](../../api/core/operators/timestamp.md)
- [`windowWithTime`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithtime.md)
- [`windowWithTimeOrCount`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithtimeorcount.md)
