doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.md, before:

# RxJS Lite Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript Lite version is a lightweight version of the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript which covers most of the day to day operators you might use all in a single library.  Functionality such as bridging to events, promises, callbacks, Node.js-style callbacks, time-based operations and more are built right in.

This comes with both `rx.lite.js` which is for use in modern development environments such as > IE9 and server-side environments such as Node.js.  We also have `rx.lite.compat.js` which has backwards compatibility to browsers which do not support all required ES5 features.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`catch`](../../api/core/operators/catch.md)
- [`concat`](../../api/core/operators/concat.md)
- [`create`](../../api/core/operators/create.md)
- [`defer`](../../api/core/operators/defer.md)
- [`empty`](../../api/core/operators/empty.md)
- [`from`](../../api/core/operators/from.md)
- [`fromArray`](../../api/core/operators/fromarray.md)
- [`fromCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromcallback.md)
- [`fromEvent`](../../api/core/operators/fromevent.md)
- [`fromEventPattern`](../../api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md)
- [`fromNodeCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md)
- [`fromPromise`](../../api/core/operators/frompromise.md)
- [`interval`](../../api/core/operators/interval.md)
- [`just`](../../api/core/operators/return.md)
- [`merge`](../../api/core/operators/merge.md)
- [`mergeDelayError`](../../api/core/operators/mergedelayerror.md)
- [`never`](../../api/core/operators/never.md)
- [`of`](../../api/core/operators/of.md)
- [`ofWithScheduler`](../../api/core/operators/ofwithscheduler.md)
- [`pairs`](../../api/core/operators/pairs.md)
- [`range`](../../api/core/operators/range.md)
- [`repeat`](../../api/core/operators/repeat.md)
- [`return`](../../api/core/operators/return.md)
- [`throw`](../../api/core/operators/throw.md)
- [`timer`](../../api/core/operators/timer.md)
- [`zip`](../../api/core/operators/zip.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`asObservable`](../../api/core/operators/asobservable.md)
- [`catch`](../../api/core/operators/catchproto.md)
- [`combineLatest`](../../api/core/operators/combinelatest.md)
- [`concat`](../../api/core/operators/concatproto.md)
- [`concatMap`](../../api/core/operators/concatmap.md)
- [`connect`](../../api/core/operators/connect.md)
- [`debounce`](../../api/core/operators/debounce.md)
- [`defaultIfEmpty`](../../api/core/operators/defaultifempty.md)
- [`delay`](../../api/core/operators/delay.md)
- [`dematerialize`](../../api/core/operators/dematerialize.md)
- [`distinctUntilChanged`](../../api/core/operators/distinctuntilchanged.md)
- [`do`](../../api/core/operators/do.md)
- [`doOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/doonnext.md)
- [`doOnError`](../../api/core/operators/doonerror.md)
- [`doOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/dooncompleted.md)
- [`filter`](../../api/core/operators/where.md)
- [`finally`](../../api/core/operators/finally.md)
- [`flatMap`](../../api/core/operators/selectmany.md)
- [`flatMapLatest`](../../api/core/operators/flatmaplatest.md)
- [`ignoreElements`](../../api/core/operators/ignoreelements.md)
- [`map`](../../api/core/operators/select.md)
- [`merge`](../../api/core/operators/mergeproto.md)
- [`mergeAll`](../../api/core/operators/mergeall.md)
- [`multicast`](../../api/core/operators/multicast.md)
- [`publish`](../../api/core/operators/publish.md)
- [`publishLast`](../../api/core/operators/publishlast.md)
- [`publishValue`](../../api/core/operators/publishvalue.md)
- [`refCount`](../../api/core/operators/refcount.md)
- [`repeat`](../../api/core/operators/repeat.md)
- [`repeatWhen`](../../api/core/operators/repeatwhen.md)
- [`replay`](../../api/core/operators/replay.md)
- [`retry`](../../api/core/operators/retry.md)
- [`retryWhen`](../../api/core/operators/retrywhen.md)
- [`sample`](../../api/core/operators/sample.md)
- [`scan`](../../api/core/operators/scan.md)
- [`select`](../../api/core/operators/select.md)
- [`selectConcat`](../../api/core/operators/concatmap.md)
- [`selectMany`](../../api/core/operators/selectmany.md)
- [`selectSwitch`](../../api/core/operators/flatmaplatest.md)
- [`singleInstance`](../../api/core/operators/singleinstance.md)
- [`skip`](../../api/core/operators/skip.md)
- [`skipLast`](../../api/core/operators/skiplast.md)
- [`skipUntil`](../../api/core/operators/skipuntil.md)
- [`skipWhile`](../../api/core/operators/skipwhile.md)
- [`startWith`](../../api/core/operators/startwith.md)
- [`subscribe | forEach`](../../api/core/operators/subscribe.md)
- [`subscribeOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeonnext.md)
- [`subscribeOnError`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeonerror.md)
- [`subscribeOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeoncompleted.md)
- [`switch | switchLatest`](../../api/core/operators/switch.md)
- [`take`](../../api/core/operators/take.md)
- [`takeLast`](../../api/core/operators/takelast.md)
- [`takeUntil`](../../api/core/operators/takeuntil.md)
- [`takeWhile`](../../api/core/operators/takewhile.md)
- [`tap`](../../api/core/operators/do.md)
- [`tapOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/doonnext.md)
- [`tapOnError`](../../api/core/operators/doonerror.md)
- [`tapOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/dooncompleted.md)
- [`throttle`](../../api/core/operators/throttle.md)
- [`timeout`](../../api/core/operators/timeout.md)
- [`timestamp`](../../api/core/operators/timestamp.md)
- [`toArray`](../../api/core/operators/toarray.md)
- [`toPromise`](../../api/core/operators/topromise.md)
- [`transduce`](../../api/core/operators/transduce.md)
- [`where`](../../api/core/operators/where.md)
- [`withLatestFrom`](../../api/core/operators/withlatestfrom.md)
- [`zip`](../../api/core/operators/zipproto.md)
- [`zipIterable`](../../api/core/operators/zipiterable.md)

## Included Classes ##

### Core Objects
- [`Rx.Observer`](../../api/core/observer.md)
- [`Rx.Notification`](../../api/core/notification.md)

### Subjects

- [`Rx.AsyncSubject`](../../api/subjects/asyncsubject.md)
- [`Rx.BehaviorSubject`](../../api/subjects/behaviorsubject.md)
- [`Rx.ReplaySubject`](../../api/subjects/replaysubject.md)
- [`Rx.Subject`](../../api/subjects/subject.md)

### Schedulers

- [`Rx.Scheduler`](../../api/schedulers/scheduler.md)

### Disposables

- [`Rx.CompositeDisposable`](../../api/disposables/compositedisposable.md)
- [`Rx.Disposable`](../../api/disposables/disposable.md)
- [`Rx.RefCountDisposable`](../../api/disposables/refcountdisposable.md)
- [`Rx.SerialDisposable`](../../api/disposables/serialdisposable.md)
- [`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable`](../../api/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Lite Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript Lite version is a lightweight version of the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript which covers most of the day to day operators you might use all in a single library.  Functionality such as bridging to events, promises, callbacks, Node.js-style callbacks, time-based operations and more are built right in.

This comes with both `rx.lite.js` which is for use in modern development environments such as > IE9 and server-side environments such as Node.js.  We also have `rx.lite.compat.js` which has backwards compatibility to browsers which do not support all required ES5 features.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`catch`](../../api/core/operators/catch.md)
- [`concat`](../../api/core/operators/concat.md)
- [`create`](../../api/core/operators/create.md)
- [`defer`](../../api/core/operators/defer.md)
- [`empty`](../../api/core/operators/empty.md)
- [`from`](../../api/core/operators/from.md)
- [`fromArray`](../../api/core/operators/fromarray.md)
- [`fromCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromcallback.md)
- [`fromEvent`](../../api/core/operators/fromevent.md)
- [`fromEventPattern`](../../api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md)
- [`fromNodeCallback`](../../api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md)
- [`fromPromise`](../../api/core/operators/frompromise.md)
- [`interval`](../../api/core/operators/interval.md)
- [`just`](../../api/core/operators/return.md)
- [`merge`](../../api/core/operators/merge.md)
- [`mergeDelayError`](../../api/core/operators/mergedelayerror.md)
- [`never`](../../api/core/operators/never.md)
- [`of`](../../api/core/operators/of.md)
- [`ofWithScheduler`](../../api/core/operators/ofwithscheduler.md)
- [`pairs`](../../api/core/operators/pairs.md)
- [`range`](../../api/core/operators/range.md)
- [`repeat`](../../api/core/operators/repeat.md)
- [`return`](../../api/core/operators/return.md)
- [`throw`](../../api/core/operators/throw.md)
- [`timer`](../../api/core/operators/timer.md)
- [`zip`](../../api/core/operators/zip.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`asObservable`](../../api/core/operators/asobservable.md)
- [`catch`](../../api/core/operators/catchproto.md)
- [`combineLatest`](../../api/core/operators/combinelatest.md)
- [`concat`](../../api/core/operators/concatproto.md)
- [`concatMap`](../../api/core/operators/concatmap.md)
- [`connect`](../../api/core/operators/connect.md)
- [`debounce`](../../api/core/operators/debounce.md)
- [`defaultIfEmpty`](../../api/core/operators/defaultifempty.md)
- [`delay`](../../api/core/operators/delay.md)
- [`dematerialize`](../../api/core/operators/dematerialize.md)
- [`distinctUntilChanged`](../../api/core/operators/distinctuntilchanged.md)
- [`do`](../../api/core/operators/do.md)
- [`doOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/doonnext.md)
- [`doOnError`](../../api/core/operators/doonerror.md)
- [`doOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/dooncompleted.md)
- [`filter`](../../api/core/operators/where.md)
- [`finally`](../../api/core/operators/finally.md)
- [`flatMap`](../../api/core/operators/selectmany.md)
- [`flatMapLatest`](../../api/core/operators/flatmaplatest.md)
- [`ignoreElements`](../../api/core/operators/ignoreelements.md)
- [`map`](../../api/core/operators/select.md)
- [`merge`](../../api/core/operators/mergeproto.md)
- [`mergeAll`](../../api/core/operators/mergeall.md)
- [`multicast`](../../api/core/operators/multicast.md)
- [`publish`](../../api/core/operators/publish.md)
- [`publishLast`](../../api/core/operators/publishlast.md)
- [`publishValue`](../../api/core/operators/publishvalue.md)
- [`refCount`](../../api/core/operators/refcount.md)
- [`repeat`](../../api/core/operators/repeat.md)
- [`repeatWhen`](../../api/core/operators/repeatwhen.md)
- [`replay`](../../api/core/operators/replay.md)
- [`retry`](../../api/core/operators/retry.md)
- [`retryWhen`](../../api/core/operators/retrywhen.md)
- [`sample`](../../api/core/operators/sample.md)
- [`scan`](../../api/core/operators/scan.md)
- [`select`](../../api/core/operators/select.md)
- [`selectConcat`](../../api/core/operators/concatmap.md)
- [`selectMany`](../../api/core/operators/selectmany.md)
- [`selectSwitch`](../../api/core/operators/flatmaplatest.md)
- [`singleInstance`](../../api/core/operators/singleinstance.md)
- [`skip`](../../api/core/operators/skip.md)
- [`skipLast`](../../api/core/operators/skiplast.md)
- [`skipUntil`](../../api/core/operators/skipuntil.md)
- [`skipWhile`](../../api/core/operators/skipwhile.md)
- [`startWith`](../../api/core/operators/startwith.md)
- [`subscribe | forEach`](../../api/core/operators/subscribe.md)
- [`subscribeOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeonnext.md)
- [`subscribeOnError`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeonerror.md)
- [`subscribeOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeoncompleted.md)
- [`switch | switchLatest`](../../api/core/operators/switch.md)
- [`take`](../../api/core/operators/take.md)
- [`takeLast`](../../api/core/operators/takelast.md)
- [`takeUntil`](../../api/core/operators/takeuntil.md)
- [`takeWhile`](../../api/core/operators/takewhile.md)
- [`tap`](../../api/core/operators/do.md)
- [`tapOnNext`](../../api/core/operators/doonnext.md)
- [`tapOnError`](../../api/core/operators/doonerror.md)
- [`tapOnCompleted`](../../api/core/operators/dooncompleted.md)
- [`throttle`](../../api/core/operators/throttle.md)
- [`timeout`](../../api/core/operators/timeout.md)
- [`timestamp`](../../api/core/operators/timestamp.md)
- [`toArray`](../../api/core/operators/toarray.md)
- [`toPromise`](../../api/core/operators/topromise.md)
- [`transduce`](../../api/core/operators/transduce.md)
- [`where`](../../api/core/operators/where.md)
- [`withLatestFrom`](../../api/core/operators/withlatestfrom.md)
- [`zip`](../../api/core/operators/zipproto.md)
- [`zipIterable`](../../api/core/operators/zipiterable.md)

## Included Classes ##

### Core Objects
- [`Rx.Observer`](../../api/core/observer.md)
- [`Rx.Notification`](../../api/core/notification.md)

### Subjects

- [`Rx.AsyncSubject`](../../api/subjects/asyncsubject.md)
- [`Rx.BehaviorSubject`](../../api/subjects/behaviorsubject.md)
- [`Rx.ReplaySubject`](../../api/subjects/replaysubject.md)
- [`Rx.Subject`](../../api/subjects/subject.md)

### Schedulers

- [`Rx.Scheduler`](../../api/schedulers/scheduler.md)

### Disposables

- [`Rx.CompositeDisposable`](../../api/disposables/compositedisposable.md)
- [`Rx.Disposable`](../../api/disposables/disposable.md)
- [`Rx.RefCountDisposable`](../../api/disposables/refcountdisposable.md)
- [`Rx.SerialDisposable`](../../api/disposables/serialdisposable.md)
- [`Rx.SingleAssignmentDisposable`](../../api/disposables/singleassignmentdisposable.md)
