doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.extras.md, before:

# RxJS Lite Extras #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript's lite extras are the operators that are found on `rx.js` and `rx.compat.js` but not available in `rx.lite.js` and `rx.lite.compat.js`.  By adding this file, you will have full access to all operators and thus makes including other files such as `rx.time.js`, `rx.joinpatterns.js` and others easier.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-extras`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-extras)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`amb`](../../api/core/operators/amb.md)
- [`generate`](../../api/core/operators/generate.md)
- [`onErrorResumeNext`](../../api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md)
- [`using`](../../api/core/operators/using.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`amb`](../../api/core/operators/ambproto.md)
- [`bufferWithCount`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithcount.md)
- [`distinct`](../../api/core/operators/distinct.md)
- [`observeOn`](../../api/core/operators/observeon.md)
- [`onErrorResumeNext`](../../api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md)
- [`subscribeOn`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeon.md)
- [`takeLastBuffer`](../../api/core/operators/takelastbuffer.md)
- [`windowWithCount`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithcount.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.extras.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Lite Extras #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript's lite extras are the operators that are found on `rx.js` and `rx.compat.js` but not available in `rx.lite.js` and `rx.lite.compat.js`.  By adding this file, you will have full access to all operators and thus makes including other files such as `rx.time.js`, `rx.joinpatterns.js` and others easier.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.extras.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.extras.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-extras`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-extras)

NuGet Packages:
- [`RxJS-Lite`](http://www.nuget.org/packages/RxJS-Lite/)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js) | [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`amb`](../../api/core/operators/amb.md)
- [`generate`](../../api/core/operators/generate.md)
- [`onErrorResumeNext`](../../api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md)
- [`using`](../../api/core/operators/using.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`amb`](../../api/core/operators/ambproto.md)
- [`bufferWithCount`](../../api/core/operators/bufferwithcount.md)
- [`distinct`](../../api/core/operators/distinct.md)
- [`observeOn`](../../api/core/operators/observeon.md)
- [`onErrorResumeNext`](../../api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md)
- [`subscribeOn`](../../api/core/operators/subscribeon.md)
- [`takeLastBuffer`](../../api/core/operators/takelastbuffer.md)
- [`windowWithCount`](../../api/core/operators/windowwithcount.md)
