doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.experimental.md, before:

# RxJS Lite Experimental Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript has a number of operators that are considered experimental and not ready for mainstream usage.  This includes imperative operators such as `if`, `case`, `for`, `while`, `doWhile` as well as operators such as `forkJoin`. This module is designed to work with the `rx-lite` NPM module for both the standards-compliant version as well as compat for older browsers.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-experimental/rx.lite.experimental.js)
- [`rx.lite.experimental.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-experimental-compat/rx.lite.experimental.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-experimental`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-experimental)
- [`rx-lite-experimental-compat`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-experimental-compat)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`case`](../../api/core/operators/case.md)
- [`for`](../../api/core/operators/for.md)
- [`forkJoin`](../../api/core/operators/forkjoin.md)
- [`if`](../../api/core/operators/if.md)
- [`while`](../../api/core/operators/while.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`doWhile`](/api/core/operators/dowhile.md)
- [`expand`](../../api/core/operators/expand.md)
- [`extend`](../../api/core/operators/manyselect.md)
- [`flatMapFirst`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md)
- [`flatMapWithMaxConcurrent`](../../api/core/flatmapwithmaxconcurrent.md)
- [`forkJoin`](../../api/core/operators/forkjoinproto.md)
- [`let`](../../api/core/operators/let.md)
- [`manySelect`](../../api/core/operators/manyselect.md)
- [`selectSwitchFirst`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md)
- [`selectWithMaxConcurrent`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapwithmaxconcurrent.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/libraries/lite/rx.lite.experimental.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# RxJS Lite Experimental Module #

The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript has a number of operators that are considered experimental and not ready for mainstream usage.  This includes imperative operators such as `if`, `case`, `for`, `while`, `doWhile` as well as operators such as `forkJoin`. This module is designed to work with the `rx-lite` NPM module for both the standards-compliant version as well as compat for older browsers.

## Details ##

Files:
- [`rx.lite.experimental.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-experimental/rx.lite.experimental.js)
- [`rx.lite.experimental.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/modules/rx-lite-experimental-compat/rx.lite.experimental.compat.js)

NPM Packages:
- [`rx-lite-experimental`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-experimental)
- [`rx-lite-experimental-compat`](https://www.npmjs.org/package/rx-lite-experimental-compat)

File Dependencies:
- [`rx.lite.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.js)
- [`rx.lite.compat.js`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/dist/rx.lite.compat.js)

## Included Observable Operators ##

### `Observable Methods`
- [`case`](../../api/core/operators/case.md)
- [`for`](../../api/core/operators/for.md)
- [`forkJoin`](../../api/core/operators/forkjoin.md)
- [`if`](../../api/core/operators/if.md)
- [`while`](../../api/core/operators/while.md)

### `Observable Instance Methods`
- [`doWhile`](/api/core/operators/dowhile.md)
- [`expand`](../../api/core/operators/expand.md)
- [`extend`](../../api/core/operators/manyselect.md)
- [`flatMapFirst`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md)
- [`flatMapWithMaxConcurrent`](../../api/core/flatmapwithmaxconcurrent.md)
- [`forkJoin`](../../api/core/operators/forkjoinproto.md)
- [`let`](../../api/core/operators/let.md)
- [`manySelect`](../../api/core/operators/manyselect.md)
- [`selectSwitchFirst`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapfirst.md)
- [`selectWithMaxConcurrent`](../../api/core/operators/flatmapwithmaxconcurrent.md)
