doc/gettingstarted/callbacks.md, before:

# Bridging to Callbacks #

Besides events, other asynchronous data sources exist in the web and server-side world. One of them is the simple callback pattern which is frequently used in Node.js. In this design pattern, the arguments are passed to the function, and then a callback is usually the last parameter, which when executed, passes control to the inner scope with the data.  Node.js has a standard way of doing callbacks in which the callback is called with the `Error` object first if there is an error, else null, and then the additional parameters from the callback.

## Converting Callbacks to Observable Sequences ##

Many asynchronous methods in Node.js and the many JavaScript APIs are written in such a way that it has a callback as the last parameter. These standard callbacks are executed with the data passed to it once it is available.  We can use the [`Rx.Observable.fromCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromcallback.md) to wrap these kinds of callbacks.  Note that this does not cover the Node.js style of callbacks where the `Error` parameter is first.  For that operation, we provide the [`Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md) which we will cover below.

In the following example, we will convert the Node.js [`fs.exists`](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_fs_exists_path_callback) function.  This function takes a path and returns a `true` or `false` value whether the file exists, in this case we will check if 'file.txt' exists.  The arguments returned when wrapped in `Rx.Observable.fromCallback` will return an array containing the arguments passed to the callback.

```js
var Rx = require('rx'),
	fs = require('fs');

// Wrap the exists method
var exists = Rx.Observable.fromCallback(fs.exists);

var source = exists('file.txt');

// Get the first argument only which is true/false
var subscription = source.subscribe(
	function (x) { console.log('onNext: %s', x); },
	function (e) { console.log('onError: %s', e); },
	function ()  { console.log('onCompleted'); });

// => onNext: true
// => onCompleted
```

## Converting Node.js Style Callbacks to Observable Sequences ##

Node.js has adopted a convention in many of the callbacks where an error may occur, such as File I/O, Network requests, etc.  RxJS supports this through the [`Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md) method in which the error, if present, is captured and the `onError` notification is sent.  Otherwise, the `onNext` is sent with the rest of the callback arguments, followed by an `onCompleted` notification.

In the following example, we will convert the Node.js [`fs.rename`](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_fs_rename_oldpath_newpath_callback) function to an Observable sequence.

```js
var fs = require('fs'),
    Rx = require('rx');

// Wrap fs.rename
var rename = Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback(fs.rename);

// Rename file which returns no parameters except an error
var source = rename('file1.txt', 'file2.txt');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
	function (x) { console.log('onNext: success!'); },
	function (e) { console.log('onError: %s', e); },
	function ()  { console.log('onCompleted'); });

// => onNext: success!
// => onCompleted
```

## Converting Observable sequences to Callbacks ##

We can easily go in another direction and convert an observable sequence to a callback.  This of course requires the observable sequence to yield only one value for this to make sense.  Let's convert using the [`timer`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/timer.md) method to wait for a certain amount of time.  The implementation of `toCallback` could look like the following.  Note that it is not included in RxJS but you can easily add it if needed.

```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.toCallback = function (cb) {
  var source = this;
  return function () {
    var val, hasVal = false;
    source.subscribe(
      function (x) { hasVal = true; val = x; },
      function (e) { throw e; }, // Default error handling
      function ()  { hasVal && cb(val); }
    );
  };
};
```

Then we could execute our command simply like the following:

```js
function cb (x) { console.log('hi!'); }

setTimeout(
  Rx.Observable.timer(5000)
    .toCallback(cb)
  , 500);
```

## Converting Observable sequences to Node.js Style Callbacks ##

The same could also apply to Node.js style callbacks should you desire that behavior.  Once again the same restrictions apply with regards to having a single value and an end much like above.  The implementation of `toNodeCallback` could look like the following.  Note that it is not included in RxJS but you can easily add it if needed.

```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.toNodeCallback = function (cb) {
  var source = this;
  return function () {
    var val, hasVal = false;
    source.subscribe(
      function (x) { hasVal = true; val = x; },
      function (e) { cb(e); },
      function ()  { hasVal && cb(null, val); }
    );
  };
};
```

We could then take this and for example if we had an observable sequence which gets a value from a REST call and then convert it to Node.js style.

```js
getData().toNodeCallback(function (err, data) {
	if (err) { throw err; }
	// Do something with the data
});
```

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/gettingstarted/callbacks.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Bridging to Callbacks #

Besides events, other asynchronous data sources exist in the web and server-side world. One of them is the simple callback pattern which is frequently used in Node.js. In this design pattern, the arguments are passed to the function, and then a callback is usually the last parameter, which when executed, passes control to the inner scope with the data.  Node.js has a standard way of doing callbacks in which the callback is called with the `Error` object first if there is an error, else null, and then the additional parameters from the callback.

## Converting Callbacks to Observable Sequences ##

Many asynchronous methods in Node.js and the many JavaScript APIs are written in such a way that it has a callback as the last parameter. These standard callbacks are executed with the data passed to it once it is available.  We can use the [`Rx.Observable.fromCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromcallback.md) to wrap these kinds of callbacks.  Note that this does not cover the Node.js style of callbacks where the `Error` parameter is first.  For that operation, we provide the [`Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md) which we will cover below.

In the following example, we will convert the Node.js [`fs.exists`](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_fs_exists_path_callback) function.  This function takes a path and returns a `true` or `false` value whether the file exists, in this case we will check if 'file.txt' exists.  The arguments returned when wrapped in `Rx.Observable.fromCallback` will return an array containing the arguments passed to the callback.

```js
var Rx = require('rx'),
	fs = require('fs');

// Wrap the exists method
var exists = Rx.Observable.fromCallback(fs.exists);

var source = exists('file.txt');

// Get the first argument only which is true/false
var subscription = source.subscribe(
	function (x) { console.log('onNext: %s', x); },
	function (e) { console.log('onError: %s', e); },
	function ()  { console.log('onCompleted'); });

// => onNext: true
// => onCompleted
```

## Converting Node.js Style Callbacks to Observable Sequences ##

Node.js has adopted a convention in many of the callbacks where an error may occur, such as File I/O, Network requests, etc.  RxJS supports this through the [`Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md) method in which the error, if present, is captured and the `onError` notification is sent.  Otherwise, the `onNext` is sent with the rest of the callback arguments, followed by an `onCompleted` notification.

In the following example, we will convert the Node.js [`fs.rename`](http://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_fs_rename_oldpath_newpath_callback) function to an Observable sequence.

```js
var fs = require('fs'),
    Rx = require('rx');

// Wrap fs.rename
var rename = Rx.Observable.fromNodeCallback(fs.rename);

// Rename file which returns no parameters except an error
var source = rename('file1.txt', 'file2.txt');

var subscription = source.subscribe(
	function (x) { console.log('onNext: success!'); },
	function (e) { console.log('onError: %s', e); },
	function ()  { console.log('onCompleted'); });

// => onNext: success!
// => onCompleted
```

## Converting Observable sequences to Callbacks ##

We can easily go in another direction and convert an observable sequence to a callback.  This of course requires the observable sequence to yield only one value for this to make sense.  Let's convert using the [`timer`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/tree/master/doc/api/core/operators/timer.md) method to wait for a certain amount of time.  The implementation of `toCallback` could look like the following.  Note that it is not included in RxJS but you can easily add it if needed.

```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.toCallback = function (cb) {
  var source = this;
  return function () {
    var val, hasVal = false;
    source.subscribe(
      function (x) { hasVal = true; val = x; },
      function (e) { throw e; }, // Default error handling
      function ()  { hasVal && cb(val); }
    );
  };
};
```

Then we could execute our command simply like the following:

```js
function cb (x) { console.log('hi!'); }

setTimeout(
  Rx.Observable.timer(5000)
    .toCallback(cb)
  , 500);
```

## Converting Observable sequences to Node.js Style Callbacks ##

The same could also apply to Node.js style callbacks should you desire that behavior.  Once again the same restrictions apply with regards to having a single value and an end much like above.  The implementation of `toNodeCallback` could look like the following.  Note that it is not included in RxJS but you can easily add it if needed.

```js
Rx.Observable.prototype.toNodeCallback = function (cb) {
  var source = this;
  return function () {
    var val, hasVal = false;
    source.subscribe(
      function (x) { hasVal = true; val = x; },
      function (e) { cb(e); },
      function ()  { hasVal && cb(null, val); }
    );
  };
};
```

We could then take this and for example if we had an observable sequence which gets a value from a REST call and then convert it to Node.js style.

```js
getData().toNodeCallback(function (err, data) {
	if (err) { throw err; }
	// Do something with the data
});
```
