doc/gettingstarted/which-static.md, before:

# Which Operator to Use? - Creation Operators #

Use this page to find the creation operator implemented by the [`Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md) type that fits your needs:

<table>
<thead>Static methods</thead>
<tbody>
    <!-- Observable factories -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="26">I want to create a new sequence</td>
        <td rowspan="4">using custom logic</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/create.md">Observable.create</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">that works like a for-loop</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generate.md">Observable.generate</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">and emits the values over time</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generatewithrelativetime.md">Observable.generateWithRelativeTime</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md">Observable.generateWithAbsoluteTime</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">that returns a value</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/return.md">Observable.return/just</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">multiple times</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/repeat.md">Observable.repeat</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that throws an error</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/throw.md">Observable.throw</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that completes</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/empty.md">Observable.empty</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that never does anything</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/never.md">Observable.never</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">from an event</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromevent.md">Observable.fromEvent</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">that uses custom functions to add and remove event handlers</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md">Observable.fromEventPattern</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">from an <a title="ES6 Promise" href="https://www.promisejs.org">ES6 Promise</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/frompromise.md">Observable.fromPromise</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="6">that iterates</td>
        <td rowspan="2">over the values in an array</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromarray.md">Observable.fromArray</a><br>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>of object key/values</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/pairs.md">Observable.pairs</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>of asynchronous elements</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/for.md">Observable.for</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over values in a numeric range</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/range.md">Observable.range</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over the values in an iterable, array or array-like object</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/from.md">Observable.from</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over arguments</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/of.md">Observable.of</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">that emits values on a timer</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/interval.md">Observable.interval</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">with an optional initial delay</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/timer.md">Observable.timer</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2" colspan="2">that calls a function with no arguments</td>
        <td>on a specific scheduler</td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/start.md">Observable.start</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>asynchronously</td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/startasync.md">Observable.startAsync</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="4">decided at subscribe-time</td>
        <td colspan="2">based on a boolean condition</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/if.md">Observable.if</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">from a pre-set set of sequences</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/case.md">Observable.case</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="1" rowspan="2">using custom logic</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/defer.md">Observable.defer</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>that depends on a resource</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/using.md">Observable.using</a></td>
    </tr>
    <!-- Function factories -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">I want to wrap a function</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td rowspan="3">and yield the result in a sequence</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/toasync.md">Observable.toAsync</a></td>
    </tr>
        <td colspan="2">which accepts a callback</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromcallback.md">Observable.fromCallback</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">which accepts a Node.js callback</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md">Observable.fromNodeCallback</a></td>
    </tr>
    <!-- Flatteners -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="30">I want to combine multiple sequences</td>
        <td colspan="3">and only receive values from the sequence that yields a value first</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/amb.md">Observable.amb</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">and be notified when all of them have finished</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/forkjoin.md">Observable.forkJoin</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">and output the values from all of them</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/merge.md">Observable.merge</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">in order</td>
        <td colspan="2">reusing the latest value when unchanged</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/combinelatest.md">Observable.combineLatest</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">using each value only once</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/zip.md">Observable.zip</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">by subscribing to each in order</td>
        <td colspan="2">when the previous sequence completes</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/concat.md">Observable.concat</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">when the previous sequence errors</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/catch.md">Observable.catch</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">regardless of whether the previous sequence completes or errors</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md">Observable.onErrorResumeNext</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">by responding to different combinations of values <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Join-calculus">(join calculus)</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/when.md">Observable.when</a></td>
    </tr>
</tbody></table>

## See Also ##

*Reference*
 - [`Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md)

*Concepts*
- [Querying Observable Sequences](querying.md)
- [Operators By Category](categories.md)

Commit message:

chore(docs): add warning to all docs files that this is Rx 4 and not 5 (#1503)
There has been a LOT of confusion by RxJS users when they find the RxJS v4 docs and not v5 docs. This is to get rid of that confusion. Also updated the readme to no longer say v5 is beta, v6 will be beta pretty soon. ;)

doc/gettingstarted/which-static.md, after:

# This is RxJS v 4. [Find the latest version here](https://github.com/reactivex/rxjs)
# Which Operator to Use? - Creation Operators #

Use this page to find the creation operator implemented by the [`Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md) type that fits your needs:

<table>
<thead>Static methods</thead>
<tbody>
    <!-- Observable factories -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="26">I want to create a new sequence</td>
        <td rowspan="4">using custom logic</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/create.md">Observable.create</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">that works like a for-loop</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generate.md">Observable.generate</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">and emits the values over time</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generatewithrelativetime.md">Observable.generateWithRelativeTime</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/generatewithabsolutetime.md">Observable.generateWithAbsoluteTime</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">that returns a value</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/return.md">Observable.return/just</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">multiple times</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/repeat.md">Observable.repeat</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that throws an error</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/throw.md">Observable.throw</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that completes</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/empty.md">Observable.empty</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">that never does anything</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/never.md">Observable.never</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">from an event</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromevent.md">Observable.fromEvent</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">that uses custom functions to add and remove event handlers</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromeventpattern.md">Observable.fromEventPattern</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">from an <a title="ES6 Promise" href="https://www.promisejs.org">ES6 Promise</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/frompromise.md">Observable.fromPromise</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="6">that iterates</td>
        <td rowspan="2">over the values in an array</td>
        <td></td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromarray.md">Observable.fromArray</a><br>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>of object key/values</td>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/pairs.md">Observable.pairs</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>of asynchronous elements</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/for.md">Observable.for</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over values in a numeric range</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/range.md">Observable.range</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over the values in an iterable, array or array-like object</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/from.md">Observable.from</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">over arguments</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/of.md">Observable.of</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">that emits values on a timer</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/interval.md">Observable.interval</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">with an optional initial delay</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/timer.md">Observable.timer</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2" colspan="2">that calls a function with no arguments</td>
        <td>on a specific scheduler</td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/start.md">Observable.start</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>asynchronously</td>
        <td>
            <a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/startasync.md">Observable.startAsync</a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="4">decided at subscribe-time</td>
        <td colspan="2">based on a boolean condition</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/if.md">Observable.if</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">from a pre-set set of sequences</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/case.md">Observable.case</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="1" rowspan="2">using custom logic</td>
        <td></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/defer.md">Observable.defer</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>that depends on a resource</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/using.md">Observable.using</a></td>
    </tr>
    <!-- Function factories -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">I want to wrap a function</td>
        <td colspan="2"></td>
        <td rowspan="3">and yield the result in a sequence</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/toasync.md">Observable.toAsync</a></td>
    </tr>
        <td colspan="2">which accepts a callback</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromcallback.md">Observable.fromCallback</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">which accepts a Node.js callback</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/fromnodecallback.md">Observable.fromNodeCallback</a></td>
    </tr>
    <!-- Flatteners -->
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="30">I want to combine multiple sequences</td>
        <td colspan="3">and only receive values from the sequence that yields a value first</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/amb.md">Observable.amb</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">and be notified when all of them have finished</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/forkjoin.md">Observable.forkJoin</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">and output the values from all of them</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/merge.md">Observable.merge</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="2">in order</td>
        <td colspan="2">reusing the latest value when unchanged</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/combinelatest.md">Observable.combineLatest</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">using each value only once</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/zip.md">Observable.zip</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">by subscribing to each in order</td>
        <td colspan="2">when the previous sequence completes</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/concat.md">Observable.concat</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">when the previous sequence errors</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/catch.md">Observable.catch</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="2">regardless of whether the previous sequence completes or errors</td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/onerrorresumenext.md">Observable.onErrorResumeNext</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">by responding to different combinations of values <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Join-calculus">(join calculus)</a></td>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/operators/when.md">Observable.when</a></td>
    </tr>
</tbody></table>

## See Also ##

*Reference*
 - [`Observable`](https://github.com/Reactive-Extensions/RxJS/blob/master/doc/api/core/observable.md)

*Concepts*
- [Querying Observable Sequences](querying.md)
- [Operators By Category](categories.md)
